" A era stops while connecting "
" alize a purchase by amazon and it never arrived"
" Camera not trying to connect "
" Can I talk to someone?"
" Clicking noise from camera "
" Do I need cloud"
" Est ce que je peux connecter deux téléphones ?"
" Forgot pin"
" Hi After Installing all 4 and distributing then around the área, the first  one I installed began to send audio messages in asian language and tríed to reset and is still doesnt work."
" Hi hello I have beeen using Yi cameras with a subscription for monitoring for months now but cant figure out how to monitor my cameras from my laptop, just my phone. Can you help me with that?"
" Hi Hello, my subscription for Yi camera ends on 16th February..if I go for a new plan now will it start from the expiry date or straight away? I don't want the near enough the 2 months that I have left going to waste"
" Hi Hi I have a few Yi Home cameras here in Canada and I had someone try to access my camera. I got a notification to allow a user from Spain....I declined. Now what should i do"
" Hi Hi I have question, why the camera can’t catch up everyone? I need catch up everybody? How can I set up? Thank you . How can I help you? You can ask "
" Hi How do I cancel auto renew?. "
" Hi How do I delete all my old recordings from the cloud and my device"
" Hi How do I remove the blue message button"
" Hi How do I remove the message button "
" Hi I’m trying to delete my account but it says to unsubscribe   How do I do that . "
" Hi My two way communication is not working on any of my cameras. I have checked to make sure mic is on. It will record sound but I cant hear live sound and or talk through camera. How can I help you? You can ask something like:"
" Hi SD cards installed. But they aren’t recording. "
" Hi So I have a  card that says I can get 33% off but its. Qr code not a number. How can I help you? You can ask something like:"
" Hi Trying to view a recording of a past event... where do I find that video sniper at...?  Currently only using a memory card in camera."
" Hi Why does it show alerts but when I go to cloud to see more than 3 seconds it says nothings available?"
" Home and away"
" How do I put it into operation?"
" How to pair with Alexa"
" I don’t need anything at this time thank you"
" I need ro use caméra in another phone how Can "
" I pay for 15 days cloud service but only see last 7 days. "
" I want to create a goddamn ticket"
" motion detector"
" My alerts are not downloading and i can't see my alerts?."
" Night vision always on "
" No"
" None of the above"
" Record "
" Results were NOT helpful"
"!!"
""Ascendo Test - Camera""
"1 camera won't show playback footage randomly"
"1 month free trial "
"1. Can I view the camera when I am away if I am not subscribed to cloud?"
"1080p camera resetting itself over and over "
"1080p dome cameras that I have reset numerous times but all 3 will not read the QR code and connect to WiFi network."
"1st generation camera offline after reset and pair"
"2 de mes caméras n’inregistre pas sur la carte ds que j’ai installé pouvez vous m’aider merci"
"2 of my cameras are not recording the 24 hour loop"
"2 way audio problem"
"2 yi outdoor cameras I purchased a year ago cannot be reset? The reset button is not resetting them."
"2:46 PM  Can I help you with anything else, I have SD CARDS in all my cameras since the day I bought them. But I’ve never been able to rewind and look back at records."
"20 cameras in my account"
"24/7 cove monitoring didn’t download?"
"2-way audio not function"
"30 free trial"
"A"
"A price is wrong on the website"
"不要出現在桌面上"
"冇问题"
"Añadir marcadores"
"AC power adapter is not coming on. It’s plugged up"
"Access account"
"Access by IP"
"Access camera/ccount"
"Access internet settings "
"Access memory card"
"Accessing camera footage on app"
"Accidentally,i was log out of from yi app,and now it"
"account"
"Account issue"
"Account not activated suddenly"
"Account password reset"
"Account payment "
"Account problem "
"account set up"
"Account setting"
"account setup"
"Account sign in"
"acquisto"
"action camera"
"Action camera not turning on"
"Activate  30 day free trial "
"Active email address"
"Add 4 cameras"
"Add a camera on account"
"Add a device"
"Add a new wifi"
"Add alexia"
"Add android"
"Add another camera?"
"Add email to account "
"Add face"
"add kami app to pc"
"Add new internet "
"Add skill in alexa"
"Add. Second location and camera"
"Adding 3 more camera's."
"Adding a camera to cloud it says I have it but no device connected to it"
"Adding a phoney.bet"
"adding a second phone to the account to use the app"
"Adding and remove a camera from my cloud service"
"adding camera as a webcam"
"Adding camera to Alexa"
"Adding camera to cloud service"
"Adding camera to google assistant"
"Adding cameras to alexa"
"Adding csmeras to multiple view"
"Adding Kami Home app to my Google Home"
"Adding Kami Home to Google Assistant"
"Adding memory storage"
"Adding more than one cam to cam overview "
"Adding multiple cameras to alexa"
"Adding the camera feed to my laptop?"
"Additional batteries"
"Advertising price and purchase price not same"
"Advisor "
"After resetting for the 3rd time and getting a successful pairing notice - after a few minutes the camera is off line."
"After scanning the code it say wrong region. And it is the same region"
"Agent"
"Agent "
"Aggiornameti"
"air"
"alainmichaud181@gmail.com"
"Alarm"
"Alarm problem"
"Alarm system is off"
"Alcocef@yahoo.com"
"Alert"
"Alert notification"
"Alert notifications not working"
"Alert phone"
"Alert set up "
"Alerts"
"Alerts "
"Alerts and motion detection"
"Alerts bei g triggered with no movement"
"Alerts for basement"
"Alerts not coming through"
"Alerts not working"
"Alerts not working "
"Alerts saved to micro sd card are not loading"
"Alerts with no movement"
"Alexa"
"Alexa app"
"Alexa cannot find my camera"
"Alexa doesn't show me the cameras"
"Alexa how to add"
"Alexa is not working"
"Alexa login with facebook "
"All done"
"All is okay"
"All ok"
"All ok M xx"
"Alles werkt prima"
"Allexis88@mail.ru"
"Already explained"
"Alrts don't work"
"Also can I log in via desk top to view the cameras instead of just iPhone?"
"Am I able to access my account via a computer? "
"am I able to cancel my plan and get my money back?"
"amazon"
"amazon want me to contact your for the broken camera"
"And do you guys have a phone number where you guys can b reached"
"And how to download videos without 10 min limit? "
"Another issue"
"Another issue "
"Another problem"
"Any"
"Any camera specials for a loyal customer?"
"ANY OF THIS"
"Anybody "
"Anybody there "
"Anything else? You haven't helped at all!!! Is there a phone number that I can use to speak to a representative"
"App"
"App in new device does not find cameras, but works fine in old device "
"App is not working "
"App issues"
"App keeps crashing"
"App not  recording "
"App not sending notifications I've turned everything on I have a g20"
"App not working "
"app settings"
"App suggestion"
"App won’t work with wifi"
"Apple ID login"
"Apple sign in"
"applecom"
"Archived video now missing "
"Are batteries protected or unprotected"
"Are there any promotions for monthly with 3 cameras"
"Are there some devices that do not work with continuous monitoring?"
"Are videos saved on SD card"
"Are you a person "
"Are you a real person??"
"Are you helping me with my issue?"
"Are you there"
"are your cameras able to be configured for use with Ring security system"
"are your cameras compatible with Ring security system"
"As above-mentioned "
"As an old user, i request to have the grid view for free like other apps"
"As card"
"As card usage"
"As I said I keep getting that little blue icon thing that looks like a you know message on one of my cameras and my one camera was working and now it's not because of that thing on it and I want it to go away"
"Ascendo Test - Camera"
"Ascendo test: error 20009 camera offline"
"ascendo test: my camera is offline after reset and pairing"
"Ashley@etmoore.com "
"Assistance please "
"Assistant"
"Associate "
"Audio issue"
"audio issue when watching live"
"Audio issue. Bad quality "
"Audio noise on camera"
"Audio recording is not working "
"Auto renewal?"
"Automatically switching modes (home and away)"
"Away alert not working"
"Away alerts not working"
"Away from home and I'm off line"
"Away mode"
"AWFUL"
"Baby crying not working"
"Baby detection is gone "
"Baby detection option is gone "
"back yard camera works just fine."
"Backup"
"Bad audio on nee camera "
"Bad image with strange colora from kami "
"Bad night video screen"
"Base set up"
"Base statio not connecting to my phone "
"Base Station"
"Base station not pairing with app"
"Base station set up"
"Base station setup"
"Base station won’t connect. Is there any way other than detection by the phone?"
"Battere enervò finishing Alter 3 weeks"
"Batteries"
"Batteries "
"battery"
"Battery charger "
"Battery charger broken "
"Battery issue"
"Battery issue."
"Battery issues"
"Battery life "
"battery not charging"
"Battery replacement "
"battteries"
"Being able to log in on other’s devices cause I don’t have a log in"
"Being charged extra"
"BFUSY1ETS9WNBP200311"
"Billed Monthly or full year"
"billing issue"
"Billing issue."
"Billing issues"
"Black and white video"
"Blank screen from cloud"
"Blank screen when viewing videos, audio working "
"Blinking pink "
"Bookmarks "
"both cams are hooked ip. not to the cloud  but only 1 is workn now"
"Bought a set of cameras that only work with 2g Wi-Fi. We have 5g Wi-Fi"
"Broken "
"Broken camera"
"Broken camera mount"
"broken charger"
"Broken image "
"Broken image from camera "
"Buffering"
"But"
"buy"
"Buy camera"
"buy cameras for international residence, do i need the cloud storage to view feeds?"
"Buying more door alarms "
"By do i have to pay"
"Bye"
"Bye "
"Bye girl "
"Bye!"
"Bypassing iclpud to use sim card"
"Cámara microphone not working "
"Cámara no conecta"
"Cómo cambiar sonido de alerta"
"Cal me plz"
"Calera issues"
"Call me"
"Call me pls 9055187508"
"Call my husband!!!!!"
"Camara not recording "
"Camara not working"
"Camber will not work on open Wi-Fi"
"Camer is not giving me alerts when someone walks into view. "
"camer offline after reset and pair"
"Camera "
"Camera  notifiction"
"camera  ot moving up and down"
"Camera activity"
"Camera activity "
"Camera and alexa"
"Camera app is openning in mute mode"
"camera audio issue"
"Camera audio problem"
"camera batteries dying"
"camera battery"
"Camera battery issues "
"Camera blinking"
"Camera broken "
"Camera Cable doesnt work. Where can I buy one"
"Camera can not find modem"
"camera cannot detect sd"
"Camera color changed suddenly a day ago, leave became purple instead of green and all other areas has ligjt purple tint"
"Camera compatibility"
"Camera connect error to alexa"
"Camera constantly picking up alerts "
"Camera continuously shut off"
"camera crackling"
"Camera detecting motion"
"Camera does not move"
"Camera does not show on my Echo Show5"
"Camera doesn’t record all movement"
"Camera doesn't pick up human activities"
"Camera doesn't register all the motion and misses video frequently"
"camera don't turn on at all"
"camera error at night"
"Camera flickering "
"Camera freezes to much"
"Camera full of water "
"Camera fuzzy "
"Camera has horizontal strips "
"Camera has static noise"
"Camera has weird static buzz noise "
"camera if offline after pairing and reset"
"camera installation"
"Camera intercom volume "
"Camera is making a ticking noise"
"Camera is not alerting me"
"Camera is not capturing the moment"
"Camera is not connecting "
"Camera is not recording to SD card"
"camera is offline after reset"
"camera is offline after reset and pair"
"Camera is on line..."
"Camera is speaking in mandarin how do I switch it"
"Camera is stuck in black & white"
"Camera is upside down"
"Camera is waiting to connect "
"Camera is working with some phones and tablet but not all"
"Camera isn't allowing me to watch recorded activity anymore "
"camera isnt stable all the time at office"
"camera issue"
"Camera issue "
"Camera issues"
"Camera kami batterie "
"Camera keep going offline"
"Camera keeps giving me alerts every ten minutes with no person in view"
"Camera keeps going offline"
"Camera keeps killing batteries after 1 day "
"Camera keeps restarting"
"Camera Light "
"Camera light is orange "
"Camera making a clicking noise "
"Camera making click noise"
"Camera making clicking noise"
"Camera making clicking noises"
"Camera making sounds "
"Camera malfunction"
"Camera malfunction "
"Camera mic"
"Camera mic issues"
"Camera microphone not working"
"Camera not allowing me to use Handsfree and forcing me to use Intercom"
"camera not charging"
"Camera not connected to wifi"
"Camera not connecting to 5 g phone"
"Camera not detecting motion"
"Camera not detecting SD card"
"Camera not functioning properly "
"Camera not keeping date and time"
"Camera not moving up or down"
"Camera not on screen"
"camera not picking up motion "
"Camera not reading sd card"
"Camera not recording"
"Camera not recording "
"Camera not recording movement"
"Camera not recording on motion"
"Camera not seeing sd card "
"Camera not sending alerts"
"Camera not showing clear lots of colors & images very unclear "
"Camera not showing in Alexa app"
"Camera not showing on home screen"
"Camera not showing picture on my Amazon Echo Show 5"
"Camera not showing up on my phone "
"Camera not working"
"Camera not working at all"
"Camera not working correctly. Going off when no one is there . When people walk in yard it doesn’t . Hit or miss , mostly miss . "
"Camera not working properly "
"Camera not working properly."
"Camera not working right picture is bad looks like water got under the lens "
"Camera not working, moisture inside camera and battery compartment"
"Camera notes filled or Pan"
"Camera notification issues"
"Camera notifications "
"Camera offline"
"Camera offline "
"camera offline at night"
"camera on desktop app but not able to connect to it"
"Camera only records 6 seconds at a time "
"Camera overheating"
"Camera pi "
"camera picture is up side down"
"Camera problem"
"Camera problem "
"Camera quit"
"Camera quit working"
"Camera quit working and can not get it to reset or come on at all"
"Camera recordings corrupted"
"Camera reset keeps saying pass word ererh"
"camera resets when ever i turn off car"
"Camera resetting itself"
"Camera says human detected but I don’t see anything"
"Camera says missing as card and sometimes won’t let me review video"
"Camera says motion detected but no longer records the clip"
"Camera sd card no longer recognised"
"Camera security "
"camera sends warning but no recording"
"Camera set up"
"camera settings "
"Camera settings changing on their own"
"Camera settings not saving"
"Camera setup"
"Camera slow"
"Camera slow connection but i have 100 mb/s why?"
"Camera sound does not work "
"Camera static noise"
"camera steup"
"camera stopped working"
"camera storage"
"Camera stream"
"Camera stream "
"Camera subscription "
"Camera too sensitive "
"Camera took in water"
"Camera updates"
"camera upgrade firmware"
"Camera video pink and green background "
"Camera video works....no sound"
"Camera want connect "
"Camera warranty"
"Camera water damage "
"Camera Wi Fi"
"Camera will not pair"
"Camera will not pair tried all things you sent me will not pair it was working all other camersa work"
"Camera will not reset"
"Camera will not rotate"
"Camera will not stop motion activating for no reason. I have probably hundreds of motion sensed security videos "
"camera will only keep blinking and clicking"
"Camera won’t add to cloud service"
"Camera won’t come on "
"Camera won’t connect "
"Camera won’t connect to WiFi anymore?"
"Camera won’t connect.. it did pair but says check network connection"
"Camera won’t pair with phone "
"Camera won’t turn on"
"Camera won't connect to app without not being plugged in"
"Camera won't connect to wifi. "
"Camera won't record constantly without the aid of the appt"
"Camera wont' stop beeping"
"Cameras always fail to load, no recording whatsoever "
"Cameras and more than one location"
"Cameras are all staticky "
"Cameras are making crackling sound "
"Cameras are not alerting me or showing movement "
"Cameras for live streaming"
"Cameras not appearing on home page "
"Cameras not connecting"
"Cameras not sending alerts"
"Cameras not showing up"
"Cameras static"
"Cameras won5 shut off "
"Cameras won’t load"
"Cameras won’t loas"
"Cameras won’t turn off"
"Cameras won't connect"
"Can"
"Can 2 devices share the cloud"
"Can 8 use the same app for 2 cameras in 2 houses?"
"can a if I share my cam era can they see when I view the camera"
"Can a rep call me "
"can ALEXA be used as a doorbell in conjunction with Kami Doorbell."
"Can anybody see my video threw cloud"
"Can anyone else access my cameras "
"Can camera add to ewelink app"
"Can I add a Kami external camera to cloud"
"can I add a outdoor camera to my indoor 1080p setup?"
"Can I add a wireless chime to my new door bell system?"
"Can I add time/date stamp to the Alert videos?"
"Can I adjust the decibel sensitivity on my Kami baby like you can with other Kami cameras?"
"Can I back up my camera from 1pm today"
"Can i borrow your money?"
"Can I buy the 4 camera view feature "
"Can I cancel my free trial at anytime without a fee"
"Can I change language?"
"Can I change my plan before it ends"
"Can I change my user name please "
"can I connect 2 phone to 1 camera?"
"Can I connect one camera to two diffenent phonesi"
"Can I connect to two networks and switch from one to another?"
"Can I connect wire free camera to cloud"
"Can I connect your video doorbell to the yi  IoT app"
"Can I download video clips from the cloud"
"Can i every can I add any camera? "
"Can i full time record and capture motion at the same time"
"Can I get a phone number to call"
"Can I get an audible signal on my phone to tell me when someone enters the view of the camera"
"Can I get online and pay for cloud services "
"Can I have 2 camera on the same phone and app"
"Can I have 8 cameras on cloud service "
"Can I have alerts sent directly to my phone"
"Can I have Camaras in 2 deferent places "
"can I have more than one subscription to record more than 5 cameras"
"Can I have multiple locations"
"Can I have two offices set up on one account "
"Can I help you with anything else, Trying to view a recording of a past event... where do I find that video sniper at...?  Currently only using a memory card in camera. "
"can i hook 1080 camera to wite instead of wifi?"
"Can I install de yi dome and the yi dome x on ceiling ? "
"Can I install de yi home camera in ceiling? "
"Can I keep yi home app running in background while using other apps?"
"Can I look at what deleted motion notification were made without a SIM card?"
"Can I make the 6 seconds motion record longer?"
"Can I order anoter  battery charger and another set of batteries for my wireless outdoor camera?"
"Can i own more then 5 camera? "
"Can I please change the email on my account?"
"Can I record if I use a micro sd card"
"Can I record without paying the cloud???"
"Can I recover deleted cameras cloud "
"Can I replace this one Camera?"
"Can I save a whole days videos by upload or downloadThere was an indecent that day with my mom I want to save"
"Can I save my videos in mu External HD??"
"Can I see a video of earlier today? "
"Can I see what my camera records "
"Can I set my cameras to away if my phone goes out of Bluetooth range"
"Can i set times it wont record"
"Can I set up the camera to NOT detect my pet"
"Can i speak to a human "
"can i speak to a representative?"
"Can I speak to somebody"
"Can I speak with a representative over the phone. "
"can i talk to a live agent"
"can i talk to a person"
"Can I talk to a real person please"
"Can I talk to someone real? "
"Can I turn kami video off?"
"Can I turn off the night vision feature"
"Can I use camera without cloud "
"can I use Kami doorbell with YI app ?"
"Can I use this camera without a paying plan"
"Can I use this camera without having a paying plan"
"Can I view camera activities from my phone"
"Can I view my videos from my,PC"
"Can I watch all my cameras at once"
"Can I watch my yi cam on my tv?"
"Can I watch the cloud service on .y pc"
"Can more than one phone be linked to a camera?"
"Can my camera work with out wifi"
"Can not connect motion detection"
"can not get camera firmware to update"
"Can not get my cameras to connect to wifi"
"Can not get past “waiting to connect”"
"can not get yi home camera to link with my google account."
"Can not playback video from SD card."
"Can not reset device"
"Can not rotate my camera from my phone"
"Can not see alerts "
"Can not share with my family "
"Can not turn cameras off"
"Can not update camera settings. "
"Can not update firmwarw"
"can not update new firmware for CK11 from window 7 download and iphone 10"
"can not upgrade firmware"
"Can o get prior video to enrolling in the cloud?"
"Can one of your cameras be used in a different house?"
"Can other people access my cameras "
"Can people who view shared cameras talk through the camera?"
"Can someone access a camera without the password. Or without me knowing"
"Can someone call me "
"Can someone help me"
"Can streaming time be controlled to save battery "
"Can the camera be cordless?"
"Can the camera microphone be used by a person whom you’ve shared camera access with??"
"Can the new door bell camera get connected to existing door bell wires for power?"
"Can the new Kami Doorbell be used with the standard software I now have on my cell phone for the Yi home cameras"
"Can there be two accounts on one camera "
"Can these cameras be mounted?"
"Can this doorbell camera be used on more then one phone."
"Can use Facebook to sign on"
"Can we get a phone call from some one to help with this situation?"
"Can we use the camera without a subscription "
"can you add more than 5 camera for subscription "
"Can you advise the status of order #YI-25300"
"Can you assist with accessing my account please"
"Can you call me"
"Can you call me?"
"Can you erase the memory back til last month at least"
"Can you give instructions to reset my wifi password and network."
"Can you have 2 accounts"
"Can you have 2 separate accounts"
"Can you help"
"Can you help me erase video "
"Can you only answer technical questions?"
"Can you pay monthly instead of yearly "
"Can you please explain why my cloud service is not been hooked up to my account and it's telling me that I have to pay again?"
"Can you please remove the Cove advertisement from the monitor when viewing replays. The Cove 24/7 monitoring icon is over my view of the camera"
"Can you please take the cold monitoring icon off of my page so I can see my actual camera views. I don't want to receive any more advertising over the camera view."
"Can you provide snapshot of the page so I can find the WiFi location "
"Can you retrieve the footage that was deleted from 12am to 5am this morning and can you tell me what time was my Camera went offline."
"Can you save to the SD card?"
"Can you send me 01-13-2021 cloud "
"Can you set up without WiFi and still use app"
"can you share with someone else"
"Can you tell me what Kami is"
"Can you turn the blue on light off?"
"Can your cameras work with Alexa show?"
"Can’t access account "
"Can’t connect camera "
"Can’t connect with camera"
"Can’t delete read alerts on my phone "
"Can’t find my account. "
"Can’t find recordings"
"Can’t get camera to count wifi"
"Can’t get camera to stop sending alerts while I’m home"
"Can’t get camera to work that was jus sent to replace another one"
"Can’t get notifications "
"Can’t go back and see what happen previously "
"Can’t hear good"
"Can’t login"
"Can’t look at old footage, have to reboot phone "
"Can’t look at recordings"
"Can’t reset my password because I can not remember it.  "
"Can’t review any earlier video in the iPhone app for any of mu 4 cameras"
"Can’t review the playback on the memory card"
"Can’t rotate 360° "
"Can’t see camera "
"Can’t set up and pair new Kanu doorbell camera to YI home app"
"Can’t setup camera despite multiple attempts and resetting router"
"Can’t sign in to reset offline camera "
"Can’t subscribe my cameras to cloud"
"Can’t use cloud"
"Can’t you read"
"cancel"
"Cancel "
"Cancel  and receive refund for months no longer using"
"Cancel 24/7 monitoring"
"Cancel account"
"Cancel cloud"
"cancel cloud service"
"Cancel membership "
"cancel my account"
"Cancel my cloud subscription "
"Cancel my services "
"Cancel my subscription to yi immediately"
"cancel not happyafter trialling"
"Cancel plan"
"Cancel renew "
"cancel service"
"cancel subscription"
"Cancel subscription "
"Cancel,, I don't need assistance, Thank you"
"Canceling plan"
"Cancelled subscription and never received refund"
"Cannot access account"
"Cannot access recornings"
"Cannot activate cloud"
"cannot connect to camera on wifi"
"Cannot connect to wifi "
"Cannot connect with 4g outside of home. Only works slowly with 3g"
"Cannot delete alerts "
"Cannot find device"
"Cannot login to the app via facebook, getting 502 bad gateway"
"Cannot play video back from the camera"
"cannot reset my camera"
"cannot reset my password"
"Cannot review image"
"Cannot see notification"
"Cannot view cameras on google hub or echo show?"
"Can't  scan"
"can't axcess cameras - wtf.."
"cant connect to Wifi"
"Can't delete a alert video, froze"
"Can't find setting to format SD card"
"Can't get into my account on tablet"
"Can't get my camera to connect"
"Can't get my camera to connect to the Wi-Fi"
"Cant hear sound"
"Cant link camera to cloud service, and the sad card is not  recording either"
"Can't link camera to Echo show"
"Can't load back precious recording"
"cant login in application for mac"
"Can't play videos"
"Can't see camera"
"Can't seem to get the cameras back up since moving to a new location?"
"cant share my profile"
"can't sign into my account on the app"
"Can't signup on app?"
"Can't switch between home and away"
"Cant turn camera off"
"can't use computer  to see if cameras are working can not pass code problem not allowing me to use your product"
"Cant view all cameras "
"Canyon delete alert video"
"Cera not showing on app"
"Cgmchange wifi password and name for yi cameras"
"Chabge email"
"Change account information "
"Change account password"
"Change diary time settings"
"Change email"
"Change email "
"change email address"
"change email address "
"Change email address on profile "
"Change email on account"
"Change email on account "
"Change footage back to color "
"Change internet "
"Change internet service"
"Change kami password"
"Change language "
"Change login password"
"Change moonlight address"
"change my account"
"change my account email"
"Change my internet network"
"Change my password "
"change network"
"Change Password"
"Change password "
"change personal information"
"Change pin"
"Change region"
"Change subscription"
"Change the password "
"Change Time and date"
"Change time on camera"
"Change Wi Fi"
"Change wifi"
"Change WiFi "
"Change Wi-Fi "
"Change wifi network"
"Change Wi-Fi on camera "
"Change wifi password"
"Change wifi password "
"Changed password. All it says is waiting to connected "
"Changed wifi password and trying to reconnect cameras"
"Changed Wi-Fi provider "
"changing email"
"Changing log in"
"Changing my wifi connection "
"Changing notification sound"
"Changing the password "
"Changing WiFi network"
"Chargeable batteries"
"Charged camera time"
"Charged with cloud but no subscription"
"charging time for camera"
"Chat"
"Chat with "
"Chat with a rep"
"Chat with an agent"
"chat with human"
"chat with humann"
"chat with kami"
"chicletbc@gmail.com"
"Choppy camera footage "
"Claim"
"Claiming of camera warranty"
"Clicking noise"
"Clicking noise "
"Clicking noise from camera "
"Clickity clicked the Chinese chicken"
"Clock is wrong time, cant reset it"
"Close account"
"Cloud "
"Cloud downloads on mac"
"Cloud isn’t working "
"Cloud logos and message icon interferes  with yi"
"Cloud not allowing me to watch videos"
"Cloud notification "
"Cloud payment"
"Cloud payment "
"Cloud payment issue"
"Cloud playback is not showing activity"
"Cloud service code"
"cloud service did not carry over to new device"
"cloud service not there"
"Cloud service not working"
"Cloud service saying expired but I’m continually being charged. When I go into the app to add the cloud service it says I already have it. "
"Cloud subscription"
"Cloud subscription not showing in Yi Home app"
"Cloud videos "
"Cloud wont allow kami outdoor cam to connect "
"Color and black and white"
"Colour images"
"Colour stopped working on my camera "
"Combien de temp dure la batterie de la caméra extérieur kami "
"Comment enregistré une vidéo"
"Comment faire pour le capteur sensor soit reconnu après le remplacement batterie"
"company sent too many cameras"
"comppatible doorbells"
"Condensation on camera lens"
"Conectar a Google Nest mini"
"Conectar Google Nest mini"
"Connect camara "
"Connect camera"
"Connect camera "
"Connect camera to cloud"
"Connect camera to television "
"Connect camera to tv"
"Connect camers"
"Connect to  new wifi connections "
"Connect to alexa"
"Connect to Echo Show"
"Connect to Google ho. E"
"Connect to roku television "
"connect to TV"
"connecting blue tooth to action cam"
"Connecting camera to Alexa echo show "
"Connecting to existing account"
"Connecting to google home kit"
"Connecting wifi"
"Connecting with remote camera "
"Connecting Yi home at hotel"
"Connection to my amazon alexa"
"Connection via cellular "
"Contact a representative "
"Contact by phone"
"Contact email"
"contact my e-mail this is my e-mail: revieweragent8@gmail.com"
"Contact number "
"Contct"
"Continual low battery warning "
"Continually record"
"Continuous alerts person detected (false)"
"Continuous monitoring "
"Continuous recording is not supported on my camera"
"Continuous recording on s 32gb"
"control camera with computer"
"Cooldown"
"Copy video"
"corrupted video"
"coryjewell46@gmail.com "
"Cost of the cloud service "
"Could you tell me please what the new Disarm button does?"
"coupon code"
"Cove"
"Cove says I have y I cloud for 7 days included withy cove"
"Cracklings sound from brand new camera"
"Create a ticket"
"Create account "
"credit request to account for improper charge"
"Crop custom video time from cloud feed"
"Cry detector not working"
"Csncel and fefund"
"Cuppraven14@gmail.com"
"Customer service"
"Customer service "
"Customer service agent"
"Customer service contact"
"customer service number"
"Customer service number "
"Customer service numbers "
"Customer service phone number"
"Customer service phone number?"
"Customer service please "
"Customer support"
"Customer support "
"Customer support email"
"Customise "
"cvr"
"dash cam"
"Dash cam firmware"
"Dash cam not connecting to phone "
"dash camera time reset"
"Dashcam"
"dashcam not recording"
"Deactivate account"
"Deal's "
"Default him setting"
"Defective Mirror Dash Camera"
"Defective parts"
"Delete account"
"Delete account "
"Delete alerts from YI"
"Delete cloud vudeos"
"Delete multiple vidoes"
"Delete my account"
"Delete old notifications "
"Delete recorded history in cloud"
"Delete sd card"
"Delete sd card footage"
"Delete sd card video"
"delete sharing"
"Delete the advertising for 24/7 Pro off my phone"
"Delete the damn blur message icon to stop this messages "
"Delete video"
"Delete video from thumbnail and cloud service"
"Delete videos"
"Delete videos "
"Deleted video showing in thumbnail"
"Deleting cloud footage"
"Deleting my old account"
"Desktop verson doesn't work"
"Device name change "
"Device not connected"
"Device not pairing"
"Devices under my account"
"Diary settings"
"Did you find what you were looking for?"
"Did you remove a timeline functionality  in the home app?"
"Dies it need to be plugged into the mains to work "
"Directional controls on android phone"
"Disable cloud"
"Disarm"
"Disarm "
"Disarm button"
"Disarm icon"
"disarm message"
"Disarm message on pkayback"
"Disarm on screen"
"Discontinuing service"
"Discount"
"Discount card is not a number but qr code for 33% off"
"Discounts"
"Discounts for new users"
"Discovery icon disappeared from my Home Screen on ipad"
"do cameras go out of date.   I have one Y1 and it quit capturing the 6 seconds video."
"Do I have a dash cam?"
"Do I have service "
"Do I have to have cloud before pairing?"
"Do i have to have cloud for service? And how can i get a louder alert?"
"Do I have to have cloud service to use more than one camera?"
"Do I have to have cloud service?"
"Do I have to have cloud service? How much does it cost?  Will SD CARD work?  I don’t want a monthly subscription."
"Do I have to pay a monthly fee"
"Do I have to pay for cloud service to use these cameras "
"Do I need 5g WiFi for my Kami indoor home camera "
"Do i need a micro SD card for cameras"
"Do I need cloud"
"Do I need cloud service? Is it mandatory? "
"Do I need cloud services to use this camera"
"Do I need to have a cloud to be able to use the camera?"
"do i need to have the cloud storage?"
"Do I need to pay for cloud"
"Do I need to reset up after getting a new phone"
"do I only have access to live camera on phone app if i don't buy cloud service"
"Do KAMI cameras work on the YI app or only the KAMI app"
"Do not disturb time"
"Do not receive notifications"
"Do not remember User ID and Password"
"Do the Kami cameras work with the Yi Home App"
"do the yi cameras work with the kami app?"
"Do you have a number I can call"
"Do you have a phone no please "
"Do you have a press contact ?"
"Do you have a standalone monitor for your camera?"
"Do you have other options?"
"Do you have to have iCloud to operate "
"Do you know how old iam?"
"Do you log ip addresses of logged in phones"
"Do you offer a certificate to send to my insurance "
"Do you provide a certificate for insurance "
"Do you provide a certificate to give to my home insurance company  stating coverage "
"Do you really call this help?"
"Do you suck dick..."
"как восстановить пароль приложении"
"Does camaras automatically record "
"Does cloud service let me see all of my videos captured?"
"Does door bell camera require WiFi to operate"
"Does it have an intercom?"
"Does Kami doorbell camera have a micro sd slot? If so, where is it?"
"Does my camera have to be connected to wi-fi?"
"Does my camera have to be plugged I. To work, or is it rechargable"
"Does the Alamo camera work with the YI app "
"Does the camera sound alarm when batteries are low"
"Does the camera support port forwarding? "
"Does the doorbell cam come with the interior doorbell or does that need to be purchased separately "
"Does the doorbell use SD card like other cameras i own?"
"Does the kami door bell camera record to a local  SD card ?"
"Does the kami doorbell camera operate with my current yi app?"
"Does the Kami mini Camera have a slot for an SD card ? Or would I have to pay for cloud storage after a year?"
"Does the Standard package (11.99/mo) do continuous 24/7 video recording"
"Does the wireless outdoor Kami show battery strength "
"Does this give an audible notification when it sends an alarm to my phone"
"Doesn’t show notifications or hear a ding"
"Doesn’t work"
"Doesnt receive push notifications on mobile"
"Don’t hear anything when I reset"
"Don’t know if you can help me I return the camera because something was wrong with it and I’m being charged for the service I wanted to know how to cancel it"
"Don’t need help"
"Don’t need nothing "
"Don’t want it not working "
"Don't  need assistance  now"
"Don't alert"
"door bell"
"Door bell notification "
"Door bell question "
"doorbell"
"Doorbell Camera question"
"Doorbell does not notify on the app or on my  Alexa"
"doorbell flashes red"
"Doswnload window ts"
"Download"
"download and update firmware manualy"
"Download app on television "
"Download app on tv"
"download clips"
"download software for Yl Dome 1080p ?"
"Download video clips from 4/20"
"Download video to phone"
"Download video to phone "
"Download videos"
"Downloaded videos missing"
"Downloaded videos saying “video does not exist”"
"downloading from cloud"
"Downloading part of a video recording from a day"
"downloading sd card videos"
"downloading video"
"Downloading videos that aren’t activity alerts"
"Dumb ass"
"During the fw updates, the device has blocked and I cannot add it to my devices even after various attempts to reset. I tried to update the fw manually but without success. How can I proceed?"
"Echo show "
"ecord the whole scene and I cannot we go back to see what happened like the other cameras do is the system changed something"
"Edmondhuynh@hotmail.com"
"else"
"Email "
"Email address"
"Email me"
"Email receipt"
"Email set up"
"En français svp"
"End"
"End message "
"Enquiry re KAMI door bell for Uk "
"Enter Wi Fi password"
"Enter Wi Fi password "
"Erase space up"
"Erreur 3006"
"error 20009"
"error 20009 http "
"error 20009 http.fail"
"error network messages from kami"
"Español"
"Euido cámara"
"everaul.eg@gmail.com"
"Every 20 minutes the camera  detects movement"
"EVERY THINGS OK THANKS"
"Every time ask me 密碼，I am  very angry"
"Every time something goes by my window where I have my camera nothing shows up and when it does it gets wiped off and not by my doing"
"Everything "
"Everything is fine"
"Everything is good "
"Everything is working great "
"Everything is wrong. Nothing works"
"Everyting is good so far"
"Existe il des camera extérieur sans fil "
"Exit"
"Explain CVR"
"Explain CVR in Yi 1080"
"Export events to a csv file "
"Extend recording time to micr sd"
"facebook login not loading on pc app"
"Fail to load activity"
"Fail to load data "
"Fail to load video"
"Failed to Connect to server"
"False alerts when in night mode."
"False human readings"
"Faulty battery"
"Faulty camera"
"Faulty camera "
"Features YI doesn’t have compare to other brand like alarm, 15-30-1min recording after trigger and group viewing. I choose other brand because they have those features "
"FFS Can I please talk to someone ?!??"
"File storage on SD Card"
"find my password"
"Find out what devices and when have logged in on my account "
"Find the camera IP address please"
"Finding video "
"Finished"
"firmware"
"Firmware "
"Firmware is different on all cameras, why ? Some say 2018 other are 2019x"
"Firmware not downloading"
"Firmware update"
"firmware update isnt working"
"Firmware upgrade"
"For 30 minutes my cameratellsmewsitingtoxonnect"
"For one camera is the money taken monthly or annual"
"For recordings longer then six seconds I have I have to buy a plan  "
"Forget camera"
"Forget it"
"Forget it!"
"Forgot my email"
"Forgot my password need to change to a new password "
"Forgot my password, "
"Forgot my PIN number "
"Forgot password"
"Forgot password "
"Forgot password but I'm logged in on app"
"Forgot pin"
"Forgot pssword"
"Forgot username and password"
"Fraudulent charge"
"Free"
"Free cloud service"
"Free cloud service "
"Free trial"
"Free trial cloud service"
"Free trial cloud service "
"French connexion "
"From cloud to pc"
"Fuck"
"Fuck you"
"Full clip won’t load"
"FWcarc10.bin  V-1.04.004-US firmware."
"g"
"Get motion detected notification but when I go to look the clip is not there"
"Get off my screen"
"Give me a number I can call 24/7"
"Give me details for customer service "
"Go away"
"godelsansaul0324@gmail.com"
"Going back in camera footage "
"Gonecountry007@gmail.com"
"Goodnight "
"Google assistant"
"google home"
"Google home "
"Google home integration"
"Got a new 5g phone now my dome camera won’t connect "
"Got a new phone how do i set it up on a new phone I forgot the password "
"Got all your credit"
"Got it"
"Got it! Thanks for input..."
"Got new phone and notifications don’t work "
"Gow do I get my account login "
"Green image"
"Grid view"
"Guarantee "
"H Hello,  3:44 PM  One of my cameras doesn't have the blue light on anymore. I wonder why that is"
"Hablas español?"
"hack"
"Hacked?"
"Had a part on my camera bracket that came broken"
"Halo"
"Hand free audio not working"
"Hand-Free not working on all cameras "
"Hands free"
"Hands free doesnt work"
"Hands free microphone not working"
"Hands-free microphone not working"
"Hardware Warranty?"
"Have 22 camera dome and have a problem with 3 of them where the night mode is not working even if the option night is active"
"Have a human read my question"
"Have a human read my questions and respond."
"Have you just updated the app and stopped the discovery button from working on my ipad"
"Haven’t helped "
"having problem adding camera"
"Having trouble finding the server can you help"
"Having trouble scanning the QR code when joining the camera"
"Having trouble with pin lock"
"Having wifi connectivity "
"He’s invited me to see the Kami ‘s Now what?"
"Hekp"
"Hello"
"Hello "
"Hello i have a issue with my yi outdoor camera there is cracking on the lens inside the housing. I bought if from amazon who have said to contact you. "
"Hello I wanted to know if you sell high resolution outdoor cameras of at least 5 mpx to be able to insert it in my yi iot app."
"Hello, how can I change wifi paired with Kami Baby without resetting the camera itself?"
"Hello, how do I check my warranty?"
"hello, i am having issues with my cameras."
"hello, where is the desktop app for pc?"
"Hello. "
"Hello?"
"Hello??"
"Help"
"Help "
"Help connecting to hotspot"
"Help me get my account info"
"Help me my cameras upside down"
"help please"
"Help with camera picture "
"Help with spp"
"Help with videos not uploading to the cloud from wireless cameras "
"Hey"
"Hey computer read my note"
"Hi"
"Hi , i am currently subscribed to monthly plan , and the payment have been taken with DANA , but my app show that i am not subscribed , but when i try to repurchase the plan it show that i am subsribed now , im confused , please help"
"Hi Alerts telling me to disarm."
"Hi do I remove the Kami emoji from my screen"
"Hi Got a new iphone 12 and I am not receiving alerts on my phone.  I got them on my iphone 7 but now I don't on my new phone.  What settings do I need to check?. "
"Hi Hi.  when will you be shipping into Canada ?."
"Hi how can I get current time back on YI 10T android app"
"Hi How do I remove kami"
"hi i forgot my password how can i reset it ?"
"hi i h ave a yi outdoor camera and, i tried formating my sd card thru the app and to my laptop , and it doesnt format"
"Hi i have a yi home camera that will not update at all tried to do it manualy and did not work"
"Hi I have already purchased a plan but cannot find where to enter code I received from Amazon "
"Hi I own a smart dash cam but broke my windshield mounting bracket.  Do you sell these separately?"
"hi i want to ask about yi max iot 1080p cctv camera"
"Hi I want to know if this camera can be wireless "
"Hi I've just change my broadband provider and can't reconnect my yi outdoor camera"
"Hi my salon has been broken into "
"Hi Sean it but it not coming on"
"Hi there! I bought couple YI cameras in Aliexpress last March, but one stopped working.I have checked everything, but it does not turn on, no power. Could you please assist me what I have to do. Thank you."
"Hi what is your name"
"Hi Why on my Kami outdoor cameras don't I have sound?."
"Hi, I have a 1080p camera with firmware 4.5.0.0С_201910080934 how can I update to a new one? after a while, it stops recording and blinks blue.,  12:14 PM"
"Hi, I have a YI Smart Security camera, when first installed I got alerts on my phone the moment teh camera was triggered, however now the alerts come in about 1/2 hour after the event, which is not what I want really, any ideas how we can fix this"
"Hi. I shared our cameras to my wife's account. However for her to be able to set the home or away settings it says her phone needs to be paired first. Can you explain what that means and how I do that?, "
"Hire competent people"
"Hiw do i find my cloud videos"
"Hiw to get off night vision"
"Hiw to rempkace a camera to cloud subscription"
"Hmm doesn’t have my question there "
"Ho, I've bought a Kami wire free outdoor camera. I've fine the installation but the camera doesn't Connect ti Echo Show. "
"Hoe can I play alarm sound with camera??"
"Hoe do I log out"
"Hola"
"Home / Away Mode"
"Home 1080p camera with AI not working using longer usb cable"
"Home and away"
"home and away "
"Home and Away mode not working"
"Home Away "
"Home Away Mode"
"Home mode"
"Home Screen won’t show my camera"
"How activate free cloud service?"
"How can I access recorded video?"
"how can I access the stored videos "
"How can i add a separate account to my current camera setup"
"How can I add another phone to my kami outdoor wireless service ? Google says not possible at this time "
"How can I add another yi camera to the same app"
"How can I add timestamp to the Alert videos?"
"How can I cast video"
"How can I change cell phone nr"
"How can I change my Wi-Fi"
"How can I change the email associated with my account?"
"How can I change the name of my cameras "
"How can i change the password on my app"
"How can I change the WiFi network "
"how can I change to continue recordings"
"how can i chsnge wifi password"
"How can I contact a real person that probably could help me?????????"
"How can i delete a video"
"How can I drop w custom video from the cloud feed?"
"How can I fast forward "
"How can I find video footage fir 4/20"
"How can I get a new mounting plate for a yi dome camera"
"How can I get a trigger alert on phone when logged out?"
"How can i get it back to showing right"
"How can I get my app to run in the background so I can hear crying "
"how can i get the full video? "
"How can I go back and check the camera for maybe one hour ago "
"How can I make my recorded videos longer"
"How can I prevent the camera from detecting  rain, bugs, flag movements,car lights, 300 yards away, ceiling fan movements?"
"How can I receive the notifications?"
"How can I received the alarm confirmation on my mobile?"
"How can I reconnect my cameras to my new wifi"
"How can i record longer than1 minute .Thats all i can get . I would like recordings to be l9nger ."
"How can i record on sd card?"
"How can I record with this camera"
"How can I remove aöerts"
"How can I reset my PIN number or can you send me the my pin code?"
"How can I reset password"
"How can I retrieve audio from 5 days ago?"
"How can I save a recorded video to my pjone"
"How can i see  my cameras in my tv? I have a Firetv Stick of Amazon. Thanks!"
"How can I see the video history of my camera "
"How can I set the hands off on the microphone on my camera camera it was working but now it’s not"
"How can i share camera"
"How can I speak to a customer representative"
"How can I speak to a person?"
"How can I talk to visitors through my to cam"
"How can I turn alerts off. They are even coming on when I’m at home which I don’t need"
"How can I turn cam on and off from app"
"How Can i verify "
"How Can i vew sd records"
"How can I view saved videos"
"How can I watch all my cameras at once"
"How can I watch multiple cameras at once"
"How can l do Latest firmware in my camera YI 1080"
"How can multiple people use the cameras "
"How can you delete pictures on camera do you have to delete one st a time or is there something you can delete at once"
"How can. I see what devices are logged in to my account? "
"How come my alerts are queuing up not being saved for the current and live?"
"How cqn i recors on sd"
"How do  I communicate when away through camera?"
"How do get night vision on for my yi 1080p"
"How do I  record a  clip from previous  dsy"
"How do I  remove video from cloud "
"How do I access cameras to alexa"
"How do I access my videos on the yi app and I am not getting the notifications"
"How do I access my videos on the yi app. and I am not getting the notifications."
"How do I activate the camera?"
"How do I add a camera?"
"How do I add my wife’s phone"
"How do I cancel all my services? "
"How do I cancel my services? "
"How do i cannect my camera to amazon alexa unit?"
"How do I change my account password"
"how do i change my email"
"how do I change my email address"
"How do I change my login password to this account?"
"how do i change my password"
"How do I change my password?"
"How do I change my PIN code"
"How do I change my wifi"
"how do i change password?"
"How do I change the home screen to color picture instead of black and white"
"how do i change the wifi its connected to"
"How do I change the wifi, I should internet providers and want to reconnect the cameras to new wifi"
"How do I change wifi connection"
"How do I check my cloud videos"
"How do I combine my outdoor and indoor camera on one viewing screen?"
"How do I come communicate with my pet while I am away?"
"How do I connect my camera to the cloud service I purchased "
"How do I connect my cameras to a new router?"
"how do I connect new Wi-Fi service?"
"How do I connect the camera to my phone"
"How do i connect to a new wifi"
"How do I connect?"
"How do I delete alerts on my iPhone "
"How do i delete footage"
"How do I delete my account "
"How do I delete the video clips?"
"How do I deleted recorded video"
"How do I do a live video "
"How do I do a live video on my yi camera "
"How do I do it so I could alert my phone when somebody comes to the house"
"How do I download a video "
"How do I download a video clip from my iCloud service?"
"How do I download and save a 40 second video"
"How do I download video"
"How do I download videos"
"How do I download videos from cloud"
"How do I download videos with app"
"How do I end call"
"How do I find deleted foorage"
"How do I find video from November 26, 2020"
"How do I fix timestanp"
"How do I get a live feed?"
"How do I get alerts"
"how do i get instant alert notification on my phone via email or tesxt"
"How do I get it connect "
"How do i get loud alerts"
"How do I get my doorbell to ring my hone, not just motion aletts,.?"
"how do I get my mac address"
"How do I get notification"
"How do I get notifications on my cell phone"
"How do I get rid of the Annoying Cove monitoring icon that appears across the camera picture.?"
"How do I get the camera to record motion? Net working. Have2 cameras for wifi."
"How do I get the recent Kami support balloon off my phone"
"How do I get to my log in page"
"How do I hook up a second camera"
"How do I install the yi dome camera in ceiling? "
"How do i know if my micro sd local storage is working"
"How do I know when battery is low "
"How do I know when to recharge battery"
"How do I know who I am sharing my camera with?"
"How do I lengthen video "
"How do I link my Camera with Alexa"
"How do I link with Alexa for echo 5"
"how do i login  ew account"
"how do i logout"
"How do I look at a previous day?"
"How do I make the camera image bigger?"
"How do I make the camera send notice to my phone"
"How do I make the picture right side up?"
"How do i pair another phone to a camera already paired to another device"
"How do I playback the Cami recordings"
"How do I put the camera on my tv"
"How do I recieve notifications when I am away from home"
"How do I record "
"How do I record part of the video"
"How do I record videos"
"How do I refresh patio camera using my cellphone I couldn’t find any refresh anywhere?"
"how do i remove a shred person?"
"How do I remove adverts from my home screen"
"How do I remove auto renew from the payment "
"How do I remove Cove icon from camera screen"
"how do i remove emergancy response "
"How do I remove the kami blue icon from my yicam app?"
"How do I reorder cameras in the App?"
"How do I reset forgotten password "
"How do I reset my 4 digit PIN number"
"How do I reset my forgotten password?"
"How do I reset my password"
"How do I reset password "
"How do I rewind"
"How do I rotate the view on a camera?"
"How do I save a clip from the cloud?"
"How do I save videos taken with a camera"
"How do I schedule when the camera should record and stop"
"How do I see from my phone the activities from the camera"
"how do I see my careras from my home computer. I can see them through my app on my phone"
"How do I see previous recording "
"How do I see videos"
"How do i set my alerts"
"How do I set my cameras to record everything "
"How do I set on my camera to away"
"How do I set the time/click on my outdoor Kami"
"How do I set up alert sound"
"How do i set up alerts?"
"How do I set up my camera to notify my iPhone of an alert"
"How do I set up my yi cameras on google home"
"How do I set up notifications "
"How do I set up the free trial?"
"How do I set up WiFi on my camera"
"How do I speak to a real person"
"How do I stop the notifications coming to my phone"
"How do I stream to my Google hub"
"How do I switch the primary account to someone else?"
"How do I take my name off the account"
"How do I talk to my dog when I’m away from home"
"How do I talk to my pet when I’m away?"
"How do I turn off Kami?"
"how do I turn off motion sensor from all cameras"
"How do I turn off the notification that the camera has detected motion?"
"How do I turn off the verbal message you've been driving a long time "
"How do I turn on human detection"
"How do I turn on notifications "
"How do I turn on the night vision.   I can’t see anything "
"How do i unlock slots for the multi canera view"
"How do I unlock spaces in grid view"
"How do I unlock the other 3 cameras on my screen"
"How do I update to new wifi?"
"how do I view all 4 cameras at once"
"How do I view cloud video from deleted devices"
"How do I view multiple cameras at the same time? "
"How do I view my recorded video?"
"how do i view on my pc"
"how do i view stored video from my wireless dome camera"
"How do I view what camera is seeing"
"How do I watch my camera from my phone "
"How do inlog put to stop the camera from rolling and using data"
"How do l see a second camera in full screen?"
"How do l view second camera in full screen mode?"
"How do set up my camera where it will continuously record on the Sd card "
"How do the Sdcards work "
"how do you delete more then one action clip at a time "
"How do you keep saying awesome I need help you didn’t help me"
"How do you login "
"How do you show a live feed from the camera in the app?"
"How do you update wifi password "
"How does cloud service work?"
"How does emergency service work"
"How does face management work "
"How does it work"
"How does notification works?"
"How does the 27/7 emergency work on the plus plan ?"
"How does the Help button do?"
"How down I download cloud video"
"How far will three doorbells wifi connection reach for stable connection? "
"how fast is shipping"
"How i can download a videofrom the camera with a Windows app?"
"how I can get extra 4 batteries for my wireless out door camera"
"How I can go to playback "
"How i can see my record videos"
"How I see the images on fast forward mode?"
"How long do I need to charge the camera and how often do I need to charge the camera "
"How long film when the alerts come"
"How many camera I can connect "
"how many camera’s in total can i use at one time can i use 8"
"How many cameras can be on 1 account"
"how many cameras can I add to my account"
"How many cameras can I add to my system"
"How many cameras can pair in one account"
"How many cameras does standard plan include?"
"How many cameras in app"
"How many contacts are viewing in on my system? Should be only 3"
"How many devices are associated with this account ?"
"HOW MANY LIVE FEEDES CAN I HAVE ON MY ACCOUNT I NEED TO INSTAL 10 CAMARAS"
"How may I ay I prevent  the Yi camera, from, bein by passed?"
"How much internet data will the YI Home Camera 3 use a day?"
"How much is my bill monthly "
"How much is the cloud service"
"How much to subscribe for recording for Y1 camera "
"how much wi-fi"
"how should install the equipment"
"How to access camera from a PC"
"How to add an email to an existing account "
"How to add another person"
"how to add my camera "
"How to adjust speaker volume on my camera?"
"How to adjust yi dome x sound volume"
"How to calibrate camera"
"how to cancel a plan"
"how to cancel cloud service"
"How to change account password"
"How to change email on account"
"How to change my internet wifi connection on the cameras"
"How to change my wifi out"
"How to change password on my app"
"How to change password?"
"How to change phone "
"How to change region location "
"How to change wifi"
"How to change wifi connection"
"How to connect camera to WiFi "
"how to connect our YI 720p cameras to 2 iphones"
"How to connect to device"
"How to connect wifi ap camera"
"How to customise the app"
"How to delete all of my thumbnails?"
"How to delete invitees from camera "
"How to delete multiple videos at once"
"How to delete multiple videos at once by checking it off and pushing delete"
"How to delete my cloud history "
"How to delete my iCloud videos "
"How to delete old video"
"How to delete photos"
"How to delete video from cloud & thumbnail"
"how to delete videos on camera"
"How to disarm"
"how to display the 4 cameras in multiscreen?"
"how to downl.oad the video stoe in SD card"
"How to download application to computer"
"How to download video"
"How to download video from cloud?"
"How to download video from clouds"
"How to Download videos from cloud"
"How to eliminate chat icon on app"
"How to free up memory space"
"How to get alerts and watch video real time"
"How to get FREE trial without subscribing"
"How to hear and talk on camera "
"How to hook up to my doorbell"
"How to how to connect through Amazon Alexa"
"How to i hook up camer to amazon"
"How to increase video time with movement"
"How to link camera to Google home"
"how to log in"
"How to log into my account "
"How to logout"
"How to make the 6 second program work"
"How to make them work with network cable?"
"How to read my SD card"
"How to receive notifications when away"
"How to reconnect to new wifi "
"How to record a small clip"
"How to record to sd card"
"how to record videos with oit phone"
"How to record with a sd card"
"How to recover a alert video"
"How to recover deleted clips"
"How to reflash camera with the same firmware?"
"How to remove cloud space up"
"How to remove that red disarm notification box in alert view"
"How to reset pin code on camera "
"How to rotate image"
"How to sav erecording backup in micro SD card"
"how to save video"
"How to scan QR code for discounted cloud"
"How to secure camera from simply being unscrewed & stolen?"
"How to see 30days "
"How to see the camera in chrome book"
"How to see what happend in the past"
"How to set up alerts"
"How to setup face"
"how to share a camera"
"How to share cloud?"
"How to sharingYihome Camera"
"How to start camera wifi mode yi home 3"
"How to turn audio volume up"
"How to turn mic on the camera "
"How to turn off alerts"
"How to turn off notifications / alerts"
"How to turn on alrm"
"How to turn on audio "
"How to turn on sound alert"
"how to turn the blue light off"
"How to upgrade the firmware?"
"How to use alexa with my camers"
"how to use cloud service?"
"how to use YI camera away from home"
"how to view 2 cameras at the same time"
"How to view cameras on an Amazon fire stick "
"how to watch videos on cloud"
"How van I puta the wifi un the camera"
"How would I program my YI 1080p to record on the SD card only?"
"How yo gey puah alerta to phone"
"Howcan I delete things from the cloud that are stored there like all my videos that's all old and useless"
"Huh"
"Human"
"Human "
"Humphriesnatasha3@gmail.com "
"I added a new service by accident. I already have the service. Now I have it twice. "
"I already have a cloud subscription but not showing up on app"
"I already have cloud service for my other YI cameras. How do I connect the doorbell camera to the service "
"I already paid but dont see my account"
"I also cannot see the window I type messages in... This is way beyond a dumpster fire please please emplehelp me"
"I also double paid for service actually a triple paid for service could somebody help me with that because I have not been able to get to customer service at all"
"I am away from my home for an extended time and the cameras I have  (3) are not working. The message I get is offline. Is there a way to fix the problem from a distance?"
"I am being charged 3 times for the one service. "
"I am currently connected to my phone.  I want to transfer to my mother-in-laws echo 5"
"I am extremely unhappy. Whats the point of having 4 cameras for the purpose of being alerted if they dont alert you"
"I am hearing sounds that aren't picking up to be recording "
"I am in FL and would like to use a new camera i bought from you today. i have a home in the north and I use many cameras there. "
"I am missing multiple camera view"
"I am moving, how do I deactivate the alarm to remove it so I can move and reinstall at my new house?  "
"I am no longer receiving notifications "
"I am not able to access cloud service"
"I am not able to access my camera "
"I am not able to see footage on my camera for the past three days "
"I am not getting alerts on my new phone "
"I am not getting notifications"
"I am not receiving notifications from my cameras"
"I am not receiving notifications on my phone when motion is detected."
"I am not using my phone for the YI Outdoor Camera 1080p. I do not have a smartphone. I use my computer. I am not getting alerts"
"I am paying for Yi Cloud service however nothing is getting recording and when I try to view the videos it displays the message: No records for this day"
"I am trying out the free trial but none of the extra services have been added "
"I am trying to go back to 4:20 Jan 31 and it’s not letting me "
"I am trying to hook my Cami doorbell up to an existing system in my house,It has a transformer for the doorbell can I bypass the transformer or not"
"I am trying to log out of the YI lot app so I can log into my new phone.  where do I go for that?"
"I am trying to understand why  when I signed up for a year it was 112 for the cloud service now to renew it's almost 200"
"I am unable to log into YI home on my computer"
"I am unhappy with the service that I paid for. I am unable to reach a customer service representative during business hours. I emailed your support department and never heard from them."
"I am usising micro SD. I tried to increase the record setting time, but it remains at 6 sec"
"I ask you ,Are you a living agent?"
"I asked my question"
"I asked why it constantly is getting kicked of line"
"I been on here half the day. My camera is not working I scan it and it keep saying waitind to connect. I try everything you told me to do."
"I bought a new updated cloud plan, now I can’t access my cams. "
"I can hear on my camera but I can not talk through it?"
"I can not access SD card playback on one of my cameras"
"I can not add the camera to the app"
"I can not hear through the dome camera "
"I can only go back for a few hours on recorded footage"
"I can only see a 6 second clip of events Thats happened, i am unable to see any longer than that"
"I can only see the cameras on wifi"
"I can see clips but how can I read my SD card"
"I can see recording in livingroom but not kitchen "
"I can t conect!"
"I can view my cameras on my mobile phone only if it is on mobile data,not if on wifi"
"I can watch all camera at once only one is open the rest of them are locked"
"I can’t add the camera to Google Home since I’ve never received a confirmation email."
"I can’t connect the camera to my photos to record"
"I can’t connect the station with my phone "
"I can’t connect to WiFi "
"I can’t even login "
"I can’t even see if the camera works before I give my credit card information?"
"I can’t find privacy in my settings "
"I can’t find recordings"
"I can’t find the reset button "
"I can’t get a base station to connect"
"I can’t get past the pairing section. Can you help"
"I can’t hear anything "
"I can’t log off "
"I can’t log off my account"
"I can’t see any of my account information . No email is working , no login shown "
"I can’t speak through my mic"
"I can’t turn my camera off "
"I can’t turn on alerts on shared camera"
"I can’t update firmware to add a camera"
"I can’t use my Facebook login on the Yi app for my computer. Can you help?"
"I canceled"
"I cannot  correct a mistake I made in my birthday "
"I cannot download a video from the cloud. I paid for seven day 24/7 videos and it says no video exists to download at 10:07am Central today. "
"I cannot download videos"
"I cannot get alerts"
"I cannot hear the audio from the cameras well ..."
"I cannot hear the sound on the iCloud video"
"I cannot hear the video"
"I cannot hear through the intercom when speaking"
"I cannot hear when talking on the intercom "
"I cannot reset my camera "
"I cannot reset" a password because I have no account with a password to reset. I am (trying) to set up a new account.""
"I cannot see videos from cloud service "
"I cannot switch to away mode."
"I cannot update the firmware to add another camera "
"I cannot view the complete clip"
"I cant access my cloud. It says activate but i already have cloud service "
"I cant add a camera to my account"
"I can't add the camera to my devices after making the reset. In addition, I tried to perform the fw update without success"
"I can't connect the camera to my WiFi"
"I can't find where to unsubscribe from the cloud"
"I can't get the dome1080 to connect to my WiFI, It say wrong password but it's not"
"i cant listeen didi voice from camera"
"I can't log in to my cameras on my new phone"
"I can't paired my device"
"I cant register my account with your app because of lousy kepcha"
"i cant remember my email or password"
"I can't see videos saved with sd card on the app. What to do"
"I can't see videos. Get message that I need an sd card"
"I cant shared"
"I can't update camera firmware"
"I can't view the video from a second phone with the Yi App"
"I can't watch videos "
"I cantidad de video recorf3f on mi ds card"
"I changed my internet service and changed modem/router. Where do I change that info ifor my Yi camera so it will connect to my internet? Thanks!"
"I changed my password will that stop other devices from viewing all camera"
"I changed wifi pass, thats why cameras is offline"
"i clicked no"
"I clicked on no the result was NOT helpful. And it automatically went to yes "
"I completed setup How can I see the video from camera on my app"
"I could not find a green dot to remove old video"
"i d like to know the difference about your camera 1080p vs home camera 3 , which is the newest ? which is the best ? "
"I didn’t receive any help Kami is there someone that can help me"
"i didnt get my camera"
"I didn't receive a verification code"
"I disconnected my kitchen camera after I got my new cloud working after upgrade. No I don’t know how to get a connectors again. I have tried everything. Please help."
"I do not care"
"I do not have cloud service. My cameras keep saying network connection failed please check network settings and reconnect."
"I do not know it is cloud issue"
"I do not need anything "
"I do not receive notifications "
"I do not receive notifications for motion detection on the phone"
"I do not remember my 4 digit code"
"I do not see a login page in the app, I don’t remember the pass word to finish the set up process for the 4 camera set I bought and paid 150 for the year.."
"I do not want I cloud free trial . Thanks "
"I do NOT want moonlight and it keeps asking me to complete my registration. How do I stop that?"
"I do pay "
"I don’t have a cloud "
"I don’t have cameras "
"I don’t have cloud service "
"I don’t have cloud service. I use sd cards. How can I program my cameras to record on the sd card?"
"I don’t have footage for three days "
"I don’t have Kami so could you remove the message icon. It’s very annoying. Thank you "
"I don’t know what going on "
"I don’t know what is wrong with  the camera. I had it set up and it was working perfect, now it no longer wants to conect to WiFi or transmit and video to the app. "
"I don’t know what the blue square  at the bottom right corner of my screen means.... please advise!"
"I don’t need any help, thanks "
"I don’t need anything "
"I don’t need help"
"I don’t see my cameras on my new phone"
"I don’t use the cloud. "
"I don’t want the chat icon in the way"
"I don’t want this subscription or service how can I cancel "
"I don’t watt Cloud abbonament"
"I don't get any notification if something moves at home ..."
"i dont have cloud service"
"I don't know how to unlock the camera that's on group camera so i can see all at once"
"i dont know my old password "
"I dont know why m the nigth vision on my cameras dose't work"
"I don't need any of that thank you though"
"I don't need assistance, this little icon just popped up on my screen and I want to get rid of it"
"I don't need help"
"I don't the anything on the display"
"i dont understand what i have to do please call me 509-470-8154"
"I eant to know if i can use tbr same app with 2 cameras i  2 different houses withb2 wi-fi"
"I feel my account has been hacked as the email address listed is incorrect"
"I forgot my email I used to setup my account "
"I forgot my pass word to my camera "
"I forgot my password"
"I forgot my password "
"I forgot password"
"I get a message please fix the device after you have successfully paired. And then I am unable to connect. "
"I get messages continuosly detecting people that are false"
"I got 2 cameras. How do i get them to work at same time on my phone?"
"I got a confirmation email"
"I got a new internet provider"
"I got a new phone and lost all of my passwords, so when I try to log in to my account, it says no account listed.  I have tried all the emails and al the ways to log in and nothing is working "
"I got a new router and I don’t know how to get this back up"
"I got a new router which creates a new wifi password.  Where do i update the password so i can get my y1 cameras back online?"
"I got a problem with connecting my cameras to my Amazon alexa"
"I got an email saying my card didn’t go through for my monthly payment"
"I got hacked "
"I had a question about purchasing a camera system"
"I had cloud service till the end on 2021 but now it’s gon e"
"I had ser"
"I had storage for 2 years and now it despairs, can’t not see my recordings for free"
"I have 1080p wifi camera order Amazon. Is it can adjust audio loud little bit?"
"I have 2 cans "
"I have 3 cameras in use in 2 locations"
"I have 3 yi cameras which are operating and using a 7 day cloud service. It appears that I have a 15 day cloud service which I paid for but have not been using. "
"I have 4 cameras working great and just need to know how to view more then one at a time. Thanks"
"I have 4 home cameras and 1 done. I have an iPhone 7  that I use to watch action. It is 4g. I’m fixing to get a new iPhone, with 5G. Will there be a problem viewing my cameras from the new phone since you don’t support 5G?"
"i have 4 Yi cameras in my house and have set them in to alexa"
"I have 5 year cameras for them I brought about a year and a 1/2 ago the one I bought a couple days ago does not"
"I have 5G internet service when will Kami upgrade so my camera will function? "
"I have 6 cameras... 3?of them are properly working, 3 of them in last days started not working anymore.... "
"I have 6 Yi home cameras. I’ve had all of them set up with a micro SD card for a while with no issues. Recently they have stopped recording timeline footage. How can I get local storage to work again?  "
"I have a camera that dosen't show 6 second videos? "
"I have a memory card I used to be able to record longer videos and now I can see just 6 or 10 seconds unless I subscribe to cloud service "
"I have a new phone, trying to access my camera from it.  My email is not being recogognized"
"I have a new WiFi provider "
"I have a new Xfinity router and my cameras won’t connect "
"I have a padlock icon in four camera view" and can only view one camera. Why is this? ""
"I have a problem in my iPhone "
"I have a question"
"i have a question about my yitechnology account"
"I have a question about payments "
"I have a question regarding the camera Yi-home-20"
"I have a red disarm icon on my screen"
"I have a Yi 4k action camera that isn't even turning on"
"I have a yi camera and it works fine. Just doesn’t keep the recordings and I gave a SIM card in it"
"I have a yi dome camera 1080p"
"I have already purchased a Cove security system with Yi cameras. Does this include cloud service?"
"I have an account with you guys my own router stop working so I got a new one I registered all the cameras on the new one and you guys are trying to charge me again another $149 which I just paid in December"
"I have an action to attach a camera that’s already attached how do I remove this "
"I have an existing why one camera just trying to reconnect to my phone"
"I have an external camera and it all works well, but it makes a lot of noise. It makes a buzzing and clicking sound"
"I have been for a month r so trying to talk to someone abot the charges on my bank account i didn't order this they changed my account n 1/11/20 to times on this day. On 12/10 /10/20 and on 1/11/221 so please refund me my money the charges is $9.99 each"
"I have been sent 2 verification codes already via email. didn't help. It seems to be the password is a problem."
"I have been tying to make a payment"
"I have been using the cameras without the cloud "
"I have camera problem"
"I have changed my wifi and cannot restart my cameras on the new wifi"
"I have cloud service it won't let me add another camera"
"I have cloud service."
"I have completely lost the discovery button on the home page"
"I have forgotten my password"
"I have four cameras set up in one office...I want to set up four more in an office across the state, can I do this?"
"I have four Yi 1080p home camera and although I can see all four cameras connected but I can set home and away settings only on three camera. Four camera is always on away mode and cannot be set to home! What should I do? Thanks in advance "
"I have had a subscription for years and my cloud service is current and shows however I keep getting error messages and it appears that I do not have a recurring charge and 30 day history on five cameras even though I do and it won’t show me anything"
"I have had this camera for three years and could always use the extended clip no problem because I have an sd memory card in it. As of today it won’t let me see extended clips, says I have to purchase iCloud memory? "
"I have inserted an SD card memory chip into my outdoor camera and I want to know how I can get longer than 6 seconds recordings on it"
"I have just now lost on the home button the rotating alarm signal. The icons that were in colour. The home icon is now black with a red dot behind? What has happened?"
"I have low on/sec"
"I have more of a sales question."
"I have more than 150 students how can I get more licenses."
"I have no picture on my phone "
"I have no visual time line on my camera so can go back to see what’s happened in the day "
"i have not cloud service but schedule SD"
"I have now sound coming back from my camera and the picture s jurky. Very good WiFi connection"
"I have one camera not recording at all"
"I have one camera set up successfully. I have parrot a second camera but I cannot view it on my cell phone.???"
"I have one dome camera that I can’t get to record anything and I have checked all settings many times"
"I have only a black and white image"
"I have problem with my kami wireless camera showing constantly download failed switch to camera"
"I have question i am using yi home camera in usa. If i share my friend in other country then they can see the camera ?"
"I have said I can't view activity from my phone to my camera on my phone"
"I have sent SEVERAL emails I’m not getting any satisfaction "
"I have service already with you but it's not working "
"I have several of your Yi IOT bullet Camera's and I'm looking at getting your new Kami Doorbell. 1. Can I use the same app for both? 2. How much is the Kami Doorbell and where can I buy it?"
"I have several questions, do you have a live person to talk to?"
"I have the Y I cameras I shared it to my wife's  phone and she purchased  the  cloud  service on her phone  is there a way we can use both phones and the  cloud service  with  the 2 phones "
"I have to have an iCloud account to work this??  Why did it work this morning without one??"
"I have two connected Yi cameras that will not connect with my echo show 8"
"I have year of  payment. And try setum new PC and new phone whit dewice"
"I have. seem to have 2 cloud accounts. "
"I haven't been helped yet!"
"I hear static in my cameras that almost sound like someone talking"
"I installed an SD card in my camera but still only get 6 seconds of record time on motion."
"I installed your YI Home Portal PC Client v1.0.0.2 It will not let me sign up because it keeps telling me the 4 digit code is wrong. I have repeatedly refreshed it and typed the correct code with the same results."
"I just got the camera setup and got cloud service working on my phone and I set up my wife’s phone to share it but I can’t get the cloud service to work on her phone"
"I just paid for a year's worth of cloud service but I think It got charged twice by accident. Can you remove one."
"i just paid for cloud service.  how do i view my camera recordings?"
"I just paid for my services and it wont let me choose my cams for it. It says its active with another service"
"I just payed for cloud service for up to 5 cameras but only one is on?"
"I just purchased cloud service through apple - but it is not linked to my app.  "
"I just received my order from Amazon, I need a replacement battery "
"I just set up my camera and it displays upside down on my phone.  Is there a setting to change that?"
"I just signed w a new phone and don’t see camera "
"I just want to cancel my plan so i can return my 2 cameras"
"I just want to know if there’s an easy way to turn ALL of the cameras off/on at the same time"
"I just want to share camera with a family member "
"I keep getting a message that says “no more videos from today” when I try to playback what is on the cloud. "
"I keep on getting a message that says “no more video from today”"
"i like to ask something else "
"I like to know if I will doing up date AGAIN I will need rest my camera’s"
"I looked over my bill and was charged twice in October of 2020"
"I lost my code, how can i unblock"
"I mean no it’s not helpful"
"I meant to hit no and yes popped up. I will be returning the cameras tomorrow"
"I ned download 1 day of video"
"I need a cable extension for my kami outdoor camera"
"I need a cable extention for my kami outdoor camera"
"I need a charger"
"I need a copy of the cloud footage for my account from Dec 12 through Dec 27 2020"
"I need a louder alert"
"I need a new battery for my kami doorbell "
"i need a part of the camera"
"I need a phone number I can call. "
"i need a power socket that has connection to usb from the bottom"
"i need a real person"
"I need a replacement manual."
"I need an AP to allow me to have 12 windows on the same screen"
"I need cloud from last Saturday "
"I need footage from before my cloud subscription expired I need a customer service representative"
"I need help accessing my account"
"I need help accessing my cloud service from my desktop Mac in the app.  I also need assistance to know how to download video from a specific day.  This is time sensitive issue."
"I need help logging in"
"I need help with camera "
"I need help with share camera"
"I need human "
"I need intercom "
"I need MicroSD CARD for Home Camera 3". Can i use 128G MicroSD card?""
"I need more help"
"I need my  camera to connect to my cloud service"
"I need new batteries "
"I need only one —3-Front door How much to pay and when."
"i need product for review"
"I need replacement batteries for my camera"
"I need replacement screws for my new Kami Doorbell Camera. I drop them and lost some while I was installing. I also stripped another one. Any help in getting replacement screws would be greatly appreciated."
"I need someone to fix my account "
"I need the MAC address for my camera to manually add it to my wife "
"I need the security codes and directions on how I can get all of my other electronics to use your fucking spectrum equipment"
"I need this could subscription cancelled immediately"
"I need to actually speak with someone please. Ive been through all this and none of it is helping."
"I need to cancel the 24/7 emergency response. Can talk do that for me."
"i need to chang password "
"I need to change email"
"I need to change emails"
"I need to change internet "
"I need to change it for a new one "
"I need to change my address "
"I need to change my password "
"I need to change my password but idk how"
"I need to change password "
"I need to change the WiFi network "
"I need to connect to my new wigi"
"I need to download videos from cloud how can I "
"I need to find deleted footGe"
"I need to get footage of a vehicle in my camera cause they stole my neighbour’s truck "
"I need to go back to early morning camera footage "
"I need to know my password"
"I need to know why if I’m paying Yi I am not able to see 14 seconds (as I used to do when y had just  bough the cameras)"
"I need to purchase an extra batteries for my wireless camera"
"I need to re-connect my iphone to view kami"
"I need to reconnect my two home cameras to my router"
"I need to replace a kami camera "
"I need to reset my password "
"I need to reset my password,  I dont remember it."
"I need to reset my security pin"
"I need to rotate the picture in the Master Bedroom. How?"
"I need to see all my cameras in one screen how can i do it?"
"I need to speak to a live person"
"I need to speak to a rep I have a major problem"
"I need to speak to customer service"
"I need to speak to someone"
"I need to speak with a live person"
"I need to speak with someone please "
"I need to stop the waiting to connect sound but I am not on site "
"I need to talk to a representative"
"I need to talk with someone "
"I need video tutorials for my M1"
"I need yo reset my password "
"I needed plan for all cameras not just one and there doesn’t seem to be a cloud with the plan I just bought. "
"I nerd aprogram"
"I no longer want my camaras. "
"I ordered the kami doorbell will i get an email or notification when it ships"
"I paid 149.00 for this ? I can even see because the scenes are skipping ! "
"i paid for a subscription on Dec 1 2020, app says i need a subscription"
"I paid for a year of cloud and it's not working"
"I paid for a year service of 79 dollars and not getting no service"
"I paid for the 39.99 plan why is it not working like described"
"I paid for the cloud subscription but I can’t see all four devices on my screen. I can only see them one at a time. "
"I paid for the premium plan but all the features of that plan are not working. Like the multi view window. "
"I pay for cloud service but it’s not recording today.. no playbacks available.."
"I placed camera on the wall horizontally. It only points at the ceiling amd won’t. Track correctly. How do I make it to where it will stop pointing at Ceiling and focus on my door/ backdoor "
"I press the reset button but the camera will not reset "
"I purchased 2 YI indoor cameras and 3 Kami outdoor cameras directly from YI in July 2020.  One of the outdoor cameras (or the rechargeable batteries) for that camera appear to be defective."
"I purchased a 1080p 4 in 1 family pack.  after set up I can only view one camera.  The other cameras appear to be locked.  do I need to subscribe to the Cloud service to be able to view all 4 cameras?"
"I purchased an Alder security system with the W12GA outdoor wireless cameras. I need the specifications for the batteries so I can order a spare set.  "
"I purchased subscription through apple iphone but it is not linked to my app"
"I purchased the $60 subscription and nothing is recording or saving to my cloud. "
"I put to turn notifications on for all my cameras but i only  only get notifications for about 3 out of the 7 cameras"
"I ready paid my first payment for cloud America is recording"
"I really don't know if I am in the right spot."
"I receive notification"
"I recently got a new wifi password and don’t know how to change it on the app"
"I recorded something. Where do I find it?"
"I replaced my router and now my cameras are offline"
"I reset camera and I already pay for months service. "
"I said my problem above."
"I say “no was not helpful” and it automatically changes my answer to Yes I’m happy with the outcome. What a joke "
"I shared the camera with my family. Now I want to stop sharing the camera"
"I show all camera at time"
"I signed in with apple"
"I still can’t find place to change WiFi "
"I Still did not get a answer to my question "
"I still have no sound"
"I subscribe 24/7 until 11/1/2021 but not able to see complete clip. It says I need to subscribe "
"I switched to a new phone and when I log into the app my cameras are not listed ?"
"I think its the camera set up"
"I think that email is invalid. Please provide a valid email."
"I think the camera setting for reviewing the previous video "
"I thought I had paid for cloud service premium and I'm not getting it"
"I thought my cloud service was a constant stream what I’m getting is just clips "
"I thought the camera was on free cloud"
"i try to put in my code given to me by your employee and it not working"
"I turned the sound on my camera an it sounds very static"
"I two YI Home camers one is working but the other keep saying wait to connectover and over. But I think I delected that camera how can I restore it back in the system"
"I upgraded my internet and the Yi cameras do not work with the 5G"
"I use my dome camera to monitor my boiler pressure.  Can I employ a second camera off the same app?"
"I want a refund"
"I want a refund "
"I want a representative "
"I want my phone to only have access to the camera. No other device or phone "
"I want to add my wife to my account on her phone"
"I want to add time/date stamp to the Alert videos. I can not find the settings. How can I do that?"
"I want to ask about the storage problem. When it's full, do I have to delete it manually?"
"I want to be able to see what happened in the kitchen 1 hour ago. I just subscribed to the cloud because it said I could see today’s video. How do I see what happens an hour or 2 ago? "
"I want to buy another camera .. will I be able to have 2 on at the same time? "
"I want to buy doorbell camera"
"i want to buy just 1 more"
"I want to cancel my account."
"I want to cancel my cloud service "
"I want to cancel my free trial"
"I want to cancel my plan"
"I want to cancel my subscription. "
"I want to cancel this.  I downloaded by mistake 2 min ago"
"I want to change my password but I forgot my current password "
"I want to change my password but it's not letting me sign in "
"I want to change the wifi on my camera "
"I want to change Wi-Fi password in camera"
"I want to connect to device not near me. "
"i want to contact your foreign trade salesman. "
"I want to delete auto renewal "
"I want to disable noonlight services."
"I want to get 30 day free"
"I want to get the 30 day record and anytime viewing it . And I wanted to pay each mouth for it not buy the year please! Can you do that?"
"I want to keep the account just take my name off it"
"I want to know about Features of Camera"
"I want to know how far it will pick up from Modem"
"I want to know how to save the recording of SD card."
"I want to know if I can pair more than one camera"
"I want to know if you have any business security solutiuons"
"I want to link my camera to alexa"
"I want to permanently delete my cloud hours"
"I want to purchase "
"I want to record a message for my doorbell camera "
"I want to remove the thumbnail "
"I want to return the camera"
"I want to seebith cameras on the screen"
"I want to set the hands off intercom on my camera it was working but now it’s not how can I fix that"
"I want to speak to a human"
"I want to speak to a person'"
"I want to speak to an agent "
"I want to speak with someone!"
"I want to stop sharing the camera"
"I want to take off one of the payments because I not need it"
"I want to talk to agent!!!"
"I want to try 30 day free cloud service "
"I want to try a free trial "
"I want to turn camera on and off from phone "
"I want to turn off noonlight"
"I want to turn off notifications been sent to my phone"
"I want to unsubscribe!!"
"I want to use my camera with my echo show 5"
"I want you to cancel the 109 you are trying to take out off my bank please "
"I was able to use my hands off microphone on my camera and I am not able to use it now how can I fix that"
"I was about to recommend this system to a very large group of people but I can’t get the camera set up and this chat is even more frustrating than the failed set up and the camera speaking another language to me. Can I have a number to call. "
"I was billed in error"
"i was charged twice"
"I was just wondering why there is now a disarm button"
"I was renting and connected my camera their now I move out to my new home and the camera is not connecting "
"I will tell all my teacher friends never do business with you guys."
"I would like an agent"
"I would like to add my wife to my account for her personal phone"
"I would like to buy the YI outdoor camera."
"I would like to cancel the cloud service "
"I would like to continually record, all night from my camera. Not just when motion is detectdd"
"I would like to get service that has no coolDown time but records all movement . How do I do that? Snd what is cost? "
"I would like to know if I can get a refund for the subscription. I did not mean to let the free trial run out and due to covid I cannot afford the $140 subscription "
"I would like to know if it is possible to have two accounts on the same app on the phone"
"I would like to know if ther is any way to maximize the limit of sharing. I nees to share camera with 10 people. How can I do that?"
"I would like to know why I am being charged $11.99 every month"
"I would like to learn how to delete my history on my camera"
"I would like to upgrade my yearly subscription to record 24/7"
"I would like to watch video from sd card on my laptop and not phone"
"I would to add another phone to my account "
"I wrote an email to your support department  as given by your customer rep.This is my email"
"i;d like a call to discuss the functions of the app and ability to view multiple cameras with live feed"
"Δεν έχω κανένα τεχνικό πρόβλημα με την κάμερα. Ευχαριστώ για το ενδιαφέρον"
"I’d like to know if there’s any difference between the YI and Kami outdoor cameras in regards to night vision recording?  Do they both use the same technology or are they different?  Thanks"
"I’m charging my batteries every two weeks on patio camera, an tech was supposed to came out and replaced it. No one showed up yet"
"I’m good "
"I’m have a sd card in my 2nd camera"
"I’m having trouble connect my new camera to the router"
"I’m having trouble setting a motion detection schedule. I want to begin motion detection at 8 PM and end it at 6 AM the next morning. When I attempt to set the end time, it won’t let me enter anything earlier then 7 AM. Please help."
"I’m need to talk a specialists "
"I’m not able to retrieve alerts from my camera. "
"I’m not getting alerts from my cameras. "
"I’m not sure what this site is for"
"I’m ok"
"I’m okay. Thanks "
"I’m paying for cloud service where is the recording from today "
"I’m still not getting any alerts "
"I’m tryin to get my camera working. I set up an account n went on wifi"
"I’m trying to change the password on my camera for my wifi"
"I’m want to try premium service free trial but what does it cost after that ?"
"I’ve been having sound issues. As well as the network connection is always tenuous even when it’s showing full strength. "
"I’ve got a yi security camera the colours are blurry "
"Ian trying to pare/activate a Kami outdoor wireless camera that is being replaced.  Prior one continually used up batteries every 3 days. "
"icloud alternative"
"I'd like to know if there is a way to have only one person to be able to make changes to the settings"
"Idid set up my camera but i took off then i moved to another .after that i have plus in power again but camera couldn't work again .i have reset but i couldn't saw puple light"
"If I change the internet box Dino need to repair the cameras with my phone "
"If I create a ticket will someone be contacting us?"
"If I do not pick up service plan what does my camera still do ? "
"If I purchase a plan, can I get access to video from yesterday? "
"If I purchase the cloud, can I get 24 hours of video each day, or does it only record motion?"
"If I remove the SD card from my camera will I be able to get rid of the adds?"
"If I select home on my phone changes to home on her's"
"If i turn night vision off i wont be able to see anything right?"
"If someone rings the doorbell on the Kami doorbell, how can I be alerted on my phone?"
"If someone tried to disable camera by tripping the breaker box would it tell me?"
"If someone unplugs my camera, why didn’t I get an alert of the footage before it got unliugged?"
"If there is a power connection can I still monitor my home"
"If there is no schedule set is it automatically 24/7"
"Ifttt"
"Ii can't remember my password"
"Ill be back. Too frustrated with camera problems to text."
"I'll try that thank you I'll come back with a result"
"I'm a New COVE customer can I add the new doorbell camera to my service "
"I'm checking on the status of my order. I paid through PayPal. What information do you need to provide an update?,"
"I'm getting a 3003nessage "
"I'm getting so many false alerts ranging from image of small fly to a light reflections of vehicles moving in the street"
"I'm getting so many false alerts ranging from image of small fly to a light reflections of vehicles moving in the street.."
"I'm good. Thank you. Did you get my email?"
"I'm having problem with my speaker I can hear the other person but the other person can't hear me"
"I'm having technical difficulties while attempting to load a document on Google Classroom."
"I'm having yrouble with my camera, "
"Im keep getting errors while trying to watch camera"
"I'm locked out of the camera and need to reset the 4 digit PIN number. How do I do that"
"I'm not able to receive notification to my phone  only through the application "
"I'm not getting any notifications./ alerts"
"I'm not receiving any notifications"
"I'm OK "
"I'm on the screen where I can watch multiple cameras at a time but it will only let me see 1. The other 3 blocks are locked"
"im trying to get to my payment info"
"I'm trying to log into my desktop app"
"I'm trying to remove the ad (24/7Pro because when I pull up the alerts it block the view in the middle of alert "
"I'm trying to setup my key remotes"
"I'm with cloud it's not saving my security cameras footage"
"Image is not clear"
"improve Image quality"
"Improve video quality"
"Improvvisamente Alexa. In riconosce più le mie YI camera "
"In IR mode i have a cloudy iring aroind my video"
"In my Iphon I don’t can see the cloud "
"In regards to kami wire free camera"
"In the alert section where you download the alert videos from the motion sensor it says disarm the"
"incorrect email"
"Incorrect timestamp"
"Indoor camera stopped motion tracking."
"Info on current package"
"Infrared camera still on when light on"
"Inside camera keeps detecting movement that isn’t there"
"Install app on my laptop "
"Install memory card"
"Install memory card "
"Installing memory card"
"Installing memory card in yi 1080"
"Insurance "
"Insurriagakarla@gmail.com"
"Integrating camera with Google home"
"Integration with Alexa echo show"
"Intercom"
"Intercom not working "
"Intercom setting "
"Internet "
"Internet connection "
"Internet set up"
"Invalid qr code"
"Invalid validation code"
"Iphone"
"Is  kami a dash dam?"
"Is about canera... Need I to pay for use this camera?... "
"Is doorbell camera available in Canada?"
"Is impossibile to use this chat....my keyboard cover the message box"
"Is it possible to add an wireless outdoor camera to my current acct"
"Is it working"
"Is Kami cameras compatible with Yi app ?"
"Is posible espeak in spanih"
"Is somebody going to call me"
"Is the blue light on the camera the motion sensor?"
"Is the live streaming free "
"Is the new door bell camera compatible with a Nutone intercom system.  My current door bell button is wired to the system."
"Is the Yi camera base magnetic"
"Is there a focus available  for the cameras"
"Is there a phone number to call for help?"
"Is there a possibility to set the camera auto on Home or Away mode by autolocation?"
"Is there a real person ?"
"Is there a way to back up my camera from 1pm"
"Is there a way to refresh a camera through my cell phone without going outside?"
"Is there a way to speak to a person"
"Is there a way to watch content at high speed? a 12 or 24-hour window"
"is there a web sited i can wach my cams from y desk top ?"
"Is there a1800 number to talk to someone "
"Is there any way to get hard copies of cloud footage"
"Is there any way to live video remains active fot longer period (always)? "
"Is there anyway for me to change who can turn camera on and off ?"
"Is there live person support available?"
"Is this a free service?"
"Is this an automated conversation or with a human? Please read my question above "
"Is this valid or its just a bot ?"
"Is Yi and Kami the same?"
"Is yi camera compatible with kami computer app"
"Isn’t picking up people "
"issue with camera"
"issue with sound"
"Issues with camera"
"It didn’t help me"
"It don't say waiting to connect"
"It is all fine. I accidentally brought up chat window."
"It is saying my cloud service has expired but I have my Apple receipt that shows it does not expire until 9/28/21"
"It keeps saying pairing timed out "
"It keeps telling me to upgrade my account but I already have premium service"
"It looks like I am not getting any notifications and o do not know how to set up the cameras do you know where I can get instructions of how to do it all"
"It not working"
"It say human detected but I don’t see anything is there really something there?"
"It says  app experience may b limited"
"It says a camera needs setup on the cloud. But it is on there. It won’t let me download the video from this morning of people stealing my RV"
"It says I have 0 of 1 camera  on the cloud but I have 4 cameras I was never sent the 5the camera"
"It says it will give me 30 days free trial for the cloud. But suddenly charged me $129 on the spot. So I cancelled, that seems like a rip off. How come?"
"It says my password is incorrect"
"It says someone logged in to account , but I need more info "
"It says that the camera is offline"
"It stopped recording and notifying me when someone is around. "
"It want let me get cloud services says I have all=ready have it need to pay the bill but"
"It was not helpful "
"It was recorded while watching the previous video. I saw it saved on my cell phone, but now while watching the last video, the recording button works, but it doesn't save on my cell phone."
"It will not pair to my Internet"
"It won’t add a camera "
"It won't accept my password "
"It wont turn on when plugged into power"
"It’s not discovery my cameras"
"it’s not in the option."
"It’s not working"
"It’s not working. "
"It’s ok but I have questions "
"It’s says to update how ?"
"It’s working sometimes but it didn’t work tonight "
"Italiano"
"it's mother bedroom that has recordings"
"Its my on.ine account"
"Its only a test"
"Its sayung disarm"
"It's something else"
"IV just started 7 day trial and I was how do up load videos of motion as when I looked it said you have no uploaded video"
"I've added the camera to my phone. Now how do I add it to my laptop?"
"I've more diccult to acces cloud service"
"I've placed & order & not received my items? I've had no confirmation emails either "
"I've selected a plan and paid it"
"Iwant to move the camera to a another location in the offiec. will it  reconect ?"
"J Juan,  7:29 AM  I can't format my sd card from the Android app"
"jandiforever@naver.com"
"je veux effacer les vidéos mais je ne sais pas comment faire sur mon laptop avec windows?"
"Joe can i receive motion and sound notifications on my smartphone?"
"Jose.canella@skynet.be"
"Junk"
"Just cancel this."
"Just change my wife password and I.camera is working but I have no cloud service service was valid till 04.2022 "
"Just checking new features"
"Just connect me to person!"
"Just got new  iPad trying to get cameras to work on it"
"Just need to retrieve  deleted footage thats all thank you"
"Just paid for service but it is not letting me connect cameras"
"Just purchased a kami doorbell & my battery will not charge. It’s been red & on charge for 48 hrs "
"Just put in new rooter"
"Just rest pí. Amd forgot "
"just signing up"
"Just taking so long never happen befote"
"Just updated Yi app on Android and I lose my cameras"
"Just won’t upload "
"Justin.adams@terracon.com"
"k"
"Kamera dosent turn on alarm"
"Kami"
"Kami doorbell "
"Kami Doorbell Camera"
"Kami doorbell camera isn't always ringing alexa "
"Kami Doorbell installation"
"Kami home sensor"
"Kami is not doing alerts"
"Kami is on my app"
"Kami outdoor camera has alerts on nothing shown"
"Kami Outdoor Security "
"Kami won’t connect to hub"
"Kathryn.olsthere is a red dot on the cameras"
"Keep telling me to connect my premium cloud to camera"
"Kent.Steadman.13@gmail.com"
"La spia gialla della telecamera ti hone1080p è fissa e non si resetta"
"La telecamera non si connette al ruter"
"Language "
"Language change"
"laptop app"
"Larger view"
"Las alertas de las cámaras no funcionan"
"Las alertas no tienen sonido"
"Lay back with audio is not good "
"Le risposte in italiano"
"Le telecamere sono raggiungibili ma non viene caricato lo streaming live"
"Leave me alone & stop with fake warning fake news "
"legal"
"Leonida68@alice.it"
"let me converse with a real person."
"Let me correct my email. It’s lemonoid@gmail.com "
"Let me speak to a person"
"Let me talk to someone"
"Levesque_5@hotmail.com"
"Light is ok "
"Light sensitivity "
"lindacht@yahoo.com"
"Linking Alexa"
"Linking to google home"
"Lipe_14@msn.com "
"live agent"
"Live agent "
"Live agentb"
"Live camera not working on mobile network"
"live chat"
"Live discussion "
"Live person "
"Live person please"
"Live view video is choppy, not smooth (uneven motion at 1 second intervals) since version 1.3.10 release"
"live view video is choppy, not smooth on Kami app since release of version 1.3.10 several weeks ago"
"livestreaming support"
"Loading time is slow"
"Loading time of camera "
"Local storage"
"Location"
"Loce agent"
"Log in location"
"Log in not working "
"Log in password"
"log in to app"
"Log me out of all devices"
"log out"
"Log out "
"login"
"login and password "
"login issue"
"Login issue "
"login name "
"Login region"
"Login to  Yi home on pc"
"lolapastor.7@hotmail.com"
"Longer recording time"
"Look up my account "
"Looking for a camera"
"Looking for cloud sold when is expected"
"Looking where to buy batteries "
"Los vídeos de las alertas o grabaciones no se ven, da error y no se reproducen"
"Los vídeos que graba cuando detecta movimiento dan error y no se ven"
"Lost my email isername"
"Lots of blurred colours "
"love chat"
"Low battery"
"Low battery issues "
"Low kB/s"
"Low night vision resolution"
"Low resolution after firmware upgrade"
"Low sound"
"Low temperature "
"Lower rate"
"lsot user name"
"luiyo5404@gmail.com"
"LY615661182CN"
"magnus1979@libero.com"
"Manage account"
"Manual customer service"
"manual updating frimware"
"mark@thehey.co.uk"
"May I pay only one month just to try it?"
"Meganmatthews774@yahoo.com"
"Memory card issue "
"Memory Card not showing"
"Memory card video"
"Merci "
"Meshackn@gmail.com"
"message on phone cant erase"
"Message says cloud subscription is expired but I paid for a year "
"Mic is not working "
"Micro as for camera"
"Micro SD card"
"Micro sd with Kami outdoor"
"microphone"
"Microphone back on "
"Microphone doesn’t work"
"Microphone on one camera only has static "
"Microphone problem"
"MicroSD card 128G ok to use?"
"Missing adjustment screen for vertical"
"Missing alert "
"Missing camera part"
"Missing cameras"
"Missing cloud footage"
"Missing cloud records from January 2020"
"Missing cloud service"
"Missing cloud service "
"missing cloud service and failing machinery"
"Missing cloud service from one camera"
"Missing cloud service on livingroom "
"Missing days in my cloud service!!!"
"Missing footage "
"Missing item"
"Missing item in shipment"
"Missing notifications "
"Missing part"
"Missing password "
"Missing recording on my SD cARD"
"Missing sd option"
"Missing sound on video"
"Missing the free trial"
"Missing video footage"
"Missing video footage "
"Missing/Defective battery "
"mmcclnn@aol.com"
"Modify cloud recording times"
"Moisture inside lens"
"Mom2 wifey@gmail.com"
"Monitor"
"Monitoring service"
"more"
"More help"
"More information on alerts"
"More recording"
"motion alert I don't see person in home"
"Motion alerts not being recorded on sd card"
"motion detection"
"Motion detection "
"Motion detection is recording events that have no motion whatsoever and failing to record motion that was clear and obvious and should have been detected."
"Motion detection keeps turning off"
"motion detection no image"
"Motion detection not working"
"Motion detection video clips won’t play"
"Motion does not capture"
"Motion inop"
"Motion sensor works but won’t record video. It doesn’t show anything when I click on the video clip. "
"Mounting plate"
"Mstoragd optiion not showing"
"Multi screen view?"
"Multiple cameras"
"Multiple locations "
"Multiple scree "
"Must be a mistake I didn’t need anything right now "
"My  free storage dos not record no more"
"my 3 yi cameras have dark live images"
"My account"
"My account does not work on client plateform"
"My action cam audio is staic"
"My active subscription is not showing up in my app"
"My alart is not working on a camera "
"My aleart is not on"
"My away alerts cannot be turned off "
"My batteries no longer last. I have to keep charging them like every 5 days"
"My batteries won’t stay charged long"
"My birthday is not the 29th it’s the 30th"
"My cámara micrófono is not working "
"My camera all the time reset"
"My camera app isn't recording anything anymore and on the cloud"
"My camera are not show the full clip once they catch movement "
"My camera at side of house I have just put up and over 2 days I have had to recharge the batteries !! And again it’s now almost flat "
"My camera does not detect any sound or movement"
"My camera doesn’t detect humans"
"My camera doesn’t show a full colour picture "
"My camera doesn’t work "
"My camera don’t read the QR code"
"My Camera firmware is China Version. Can I convert to International version?"
"My camera has a fuzzy image, even when its on HD"
"My camera has recently stopped working for night vision.  It works with the light on but when lights are off, it says an object or light is directly in front of the camera. "
"My camera has stopped working in colour "
"My camera have auto cruise issue"
"My camera is no longer recording, I can only see live but the brown bar where I could go back and watch is no longer there."
"my camera is not able to scan QR code and connect to wifi"
"My camera is not detecting motion "
"My camera is not picking up activity"
"My camera is not picking up audio"
"My camera is not picking up sound"
"My camera is not recording "
"My camera is not recording so I can look at a later time.  It would always have status bar on bottom and if activity woukd show orange"
"My camera is not recording sound "
"My camera is not recording sounds "
"My camera is not recording, brown bar gone."
"My camera is not saving"
"My camera is not showing continuous recording in the cloud"
"My camera is not showing live footage"
"My camera is not staying online and is very slow"
"My camera is not working "
"my camera is offline after test and pairing"
"My camera is prompting me to buy cloud. Why is that"
"My camera is stuck in black and white"
"My camera is working.  It captured someone at me front door this morning, but it doesn’t show in cloud"
"My camera isn’t motion detecting"
"My camera isn't pairing to my WiFi even though the password is correct and it has been connected before "
"My camera makes anooying noise after 10 minutes of driving that i have been driving for long time"
"My camera makes noises I cant hear people  outside  very well the noise is terrible u can barely hear outside "
"My Camera makes noises while the speaker is on"
"My Camera makes noises while the speaker on is on"
"My camera on porch has stopped picking up activity"
"My camera recording in the orange won’t rewind so I can preview it"
"My camera seems to be omitting some tracking times and video what could be the problem"
"My camera sounds staticky "
"My camera stoped moving "
"My camera triggers when nothing there and batteries life is only a week "
"My camera will not pair anymore"
"My camera won’t connect to my WiFi after having it connected to someone else’s wifi"
"My camera won't connect to exjo"
"My camera won't link to Google home"
"My camera works great but not sound"
"My camera yi dome have problem on auto cruise feature. Sometimes it pointing nowhere and its annoying"
"My camera. Keeps flickering in night vision mode "
"My camera’s night vision isn’t working. It’s just dark. "
"My camera’s showing black I put a SDCard in it and when I go to look at it it’s black"
"My cameras are activated but do not alert me with any type of notice when someone comes in front of them."
"My cameras are locked under my other email"
"My cameras are not sending any alerts. There no videos to be seen from throughout the day"
"My cameras are not showing up on my echo show 8"
"My cameras are not working  I paid  for service I connected them what is going on? "
"My cameras no longer alert me when there is movement in the room on either camera"
"My cameras were removed, how can I get them back with the video that was recorded "
"My cameras will not connect to my upgraded wifi"
"My cameras will not connect to new WiFi "
"My cameras will not refresh after swapping to new WiFi device. Can’t access settings. Have tried powering off/on but still the same. "
"My cameras.arent doing pkahback"
"my camere dont send alert"
"My camers says DISARM"
"My Cami base station will not ever work it can never find Wi-Fi"
"My car was robbed and motion did not pick anything up"
"My career is not giving me motion alerts anymore. "
"My chips are no longer recording as they first did."
"My cloud recording has time missing"
"My cloud symbol is black and you are always on my screen"
"My cmeras are acting up"
"My dash cam is stolen a from a car break in.  Anyway to track where the Dashcam goes?"
"My Dashcam keeps on shutting off "
"My dome camera cannot play back"
"My dome camera is not connecting to my new 5 g phone"
"My downloaded videos won’t load.  When I attempt to play them back it tells me “fail to load”??   What’s going on?   Where’s all my downloads "
"My email address is not correct"
"My Englisch is Not so Good, Van you speak german "
"My footage is missing and I didn't delete it "
"My guy and I just went to the kitchen  and there was no pictures or videos of us camera is on"
"My husband and I are connected to this how can I take him off of it"
"my image is upside down"
"My infrared lights are nit eorkjng"
"My internet password changed and i can't seem to find anywhere to put in the new password in settings"
"My just keep rotating "
"My Kami door camera doesn’t show up on the cloud "
"My Kami Outdoor Camera has a solid yellow light and won't reset.  What is should I do?. How can I help you? You can ask something like:"
"My lens is correct but my camera is showing upside down?"
"My living room camera isn't taking clips"
"My memory card was full so camera wasn’t working but I have emptied the memory so camera is back on line and working very well"
"my name is ron"
"My order"
"My other camera the yellow light now blinking just steady"
"My outdoor Kami camera is giving me slot of alerts on nothing"
"My password"
"My phone is not receiving alert notifications from my two cameras"
"My picture from one of my cameras shows up with a pink film"
"My plan is not working with my camera"
"My plan is only recording and alerting from one of my two cameras and I am on a plan for up to 5 cameras. What am I doing wrong?"
"My question is about the new doorbell cam"
"My question was does the Kami outdoor camera show battery level"
"My recorded alerts "
"My recordings glitch and dont show all of what happened and it doesnt always record "
"My reset button is missing "
"My screen had stop working"
"My sd card option not shoen"
"My sd cards stop working after some time"
"My settings won’t stay on “hands free” mode for speaking thru the camera. It switches back to intercom on its own. "
"My sister has cameras set up to watch mom.  She cannot watch all of the time so I need to set those same cameras up to my phone."
"My speaker is not allowing me to talk"
"My storage activity direction motion dos not work for free no more"
"My time hone app have no alerts notification"
"My time system is not showing up on my Amazon Echo Show 8"
"My video has a lot of static noise in it"
"My videocamera doesn't work with alexa"
"My wife and I would like to see our camera on both our phones. Is this possible?"
"My wife purchased a camera and we are having trouble connecting a second phone to the application to view the camera"
"My wife thinks someone else has logged into our account and wants to change password.  Our son gave us these cameras for Christmas and set it up. I can not remember password we used  I’ve tried everything I’ve used in the past"
"My wireless outdoor Kami camera does not capture activity appropriatey"
"My Yi 4k action camera is bricked and isn't turning on"
"My Yi will not recognize email"
"My Yihome camera doesn't mo ve up and own anymore "
"N/A"
"na"
"Necesito un servio técnico "
"Need an outdoor wire free camera that I can also view from my pc or mac"
"Need batteries"
"Need both cameras data downloaded for a entire day for court"
"Need camera update"
"Need code for 6 months free"
"Need customer service number "
"Need firmware update "
"Need firmware update for camera"
"need footage from 2 days ago..."
"Need help"
"Need help contact me camera "
"need help selecting a camera"
"Need help setting up cameras"
"need help with yi mirror dash cam"
"need help, alerts all checked but not getting any alert notifications at all and new camera"
"Need human "
"Need info on switching my subscription "
"need monitoring certificate"
"Need more help"
"Need more help "
"Need my account info to lpgin"
"Need number"
"Need replacement parts"
"Need restart password"
"Need thelp with my sd card how do i get yhem down loaded"
"Need to aet my new wifi "
"Need to be able to see cameras from another device"
"Need to cancel my cloud recording"
"Need to change email"
"Need to create a new account "
"Need to delete my account. Selling my cameras. It says i have to unsubscribe from cloud service but i already have."
"Need to kill niggers"
"Need to know if someone hack my yo cameras"
"Need to know what came with my elder box"
"Need to know what kind of SD card do I need ?"
"need to pair kami to my phone"
"Need to remove Kami pop up unless prompted. Very annoying and interferes on phone app"
"Need to reset account password "
"Need to return "
"Need to speak to a customer service tech. So I need a phone number to contact them please provide"
"Need to speak to customer service "
"Need to speak to customer service. Need a phone number"
"Need to talk to someone"
"need to update my firmware for my 1080P dome camera"
"Need to update or troubleshoot my camera "
"Need your phone number"
"Neither"
"Neither "
"Network connection"
"Never got it to work"
"Nevermind "
"new batteries"
"New batteries "
"new battery"
"New camera"
"New camera update "
"New Door Bell question"
"New WiFi and password"
"New wifi network "
"New WiFi password "
"New WiFi router how do I change so cameras work again"
"new YI Outdoor Camera 1080p, no smart phone, using computer only, not getting any alerts at all"
"Night mode"
"Night mode no longer working"
"Night mode not working "
"night vision"
"Night vision doesn't work"
"Night vision flickering"
"Night vision isn’t working"
"night vision light shut off "
"Night vision lights are t working "
"Night vision no longer on. Is it automatic? "
"Night vision still not working "
"Night vision still on "
"Night vision won't activate"
"Nikki.aaron@icloud.com"
"Nine of the above "
"niniguna de estas cuestiones"
"Nit"
"Nit recording "
"No"
"no "
"No  none of that applys"
"No ,but thanks for your help"
"No alert videos"
"No alerts"
"No alerts for 1 camera"
"No alerts from camera. "
"No all is not working"
"No answer was given to my question "
"No appreciate assistance.."
"no at moment thank you"
"no because u did not help me at all"
"no camera notification"
"No cameras are showing up on app"
"No cool off period"
"No data in cloud"
"No device"
"No device collected"
"No doorbell notification"
"No e"
"No entiendo"
"No he recibido mi pedido"
"No help needed"
"No help needed now. Maybe later. Thank you. "
"No help thanks"
"No I can’t afford cloud services"
"no i do not want to give"
"No I don’t "
"No I just need this charge to be cancelled"
"No I need a phone number to contact your live person support "
"No issue at the moment "
"No it did not answer my question"
"No it says region isn't the same "
"no it waS not help full"
"No it was not helpful read our request again"
"no just waiting on help"
"No lm good."
"No massages from camara about moving objects"
"No message"
"No more audio"
"No more videos from today"
"No not helped read above message "
"No not helpful"
"No not helpful.. "
"No nothing else"
"No notification"
"No notification from cameras"
"No notifications"
"No notifications "
"No notifications sound or notification on my phone even after continuous detection "
"No o"
"No other thanks"
"No problem "
"No problem at this time "
"no problem. Wondering about a possible feature."
"No problems now but one comment I use my iPad and the orientation and for instance this page will not go to landscape to view."
"No puedo vincular cuenta Yi a Amazon para usar en Echo Dot Alexa"
"No question "
"No record "
"No results not helpful "
"No rexodings for Alerts"
"No service today"
"NO SERVICES  NEEDED AT THIS TIME.  THANKS "
"No sorry madda72@gmail.com "
"No sound"
"No sound "
"No sound coming from app"
"No sound from camera"
"no sound on my camera"
"No thank you"
"No thank you "
"no thank you no help at all"
"No thank you!"
"No thank you. I will call and explain in the morning to an agent. "
"No thankd"
"no thanks"
"No thanks "
"No thanks Siri"
"No thanks. "
"No thanks. I will try your solution"
"No that didn’t help "
"No that is all"
"No the results were not helpful"
"No they were not "
"No they weren’t "
"No Think you "
"No thumbnails or uploads for cam2, cam3 or cam4. Please fix this issue. No events are being captured in the cloud."
"No video uploaded/ there was a car accident outside my property at 12:30pm-1pm GMT (UK Time) When I go to view recording “no videos uploaded today” even though it is linked to the cloud. I urgently need this recording - pls help "
"No voice"
"No Volume"
"No wifi camera - need portable"
"No you are not helpful. "
"No you didn’t help at all  it says my cloud  expired "
"No you don’t not solve the issue "
"no you have been most unhelpful"
"No, I want to share my camera withy friends"
"No, I'm good, thank you Kami"
"No, thank you."
"No, that’s it. Thank you"
"No, the results were not helpful"
"No, the results were not helpful. Where is the network control option "
"no, there is nothing else just having problem with the camera"
"No,thank for your time."
"No."
"No. Go away"
"No. I just need someone to respond to this message"
"no. thank you"
"No. Ths "
"noel.ayala1971@gmail.com"
"Noise"
"non of the above"
"Non of these"
"none"
"none "
"None above"
"None above "
"None of above "
"None of my cameras will update "
"none of that"
"None of the above"
"None of the above "
"none of the above answers my quistion"
"None of the above ty"
"None of the anove"
"None of the things that's written."
"None of these"
"None of these are what I am looking for?"
"None of these help me "
"None of these work"
"None of this "
"None of those"
"None of those "
"none of those things"
"None.of the above"
"Noo 6 second video"
"Noon service"
"Noonlight "
"Nope"
"Nope just help me retrieve  footage that was erased from the 19th and the 20 of January it firbthe courts i need it bad"
"Nope, just camera is stuck in reboot mode and will not reset."
"Nos thanks"
"nosor@ridgewoodcable.com"
"Not"
"Not "
"Not a problem right now"
"Not able to add 3 more camera's."
"not able to connect my phone with wifi"
"Not able to connect to cameras"
"not able to connect with wifi and not pairing"
"not activated"
"Not again i already give the info"
"Not at this time"
"Not at this time thank you "
"Not detecting all "
"Not getting alerts"
"Not getting alerts on any camera "
"Not getting alerts on outdoor camera "
"Not getting notifications "
"Not getting notifications from my app of camera detection"
"Not getting notifications on phone "
"Not having alert notifications on my phone"
"Not help now later, "
"Not helpful"
"Not helpful "
"Not helpful hello"
"Not helping "
"Not hwlpdul"
"not in cloud service"
"Not in the list"
"not know but thank you"
"Not listed "
"Not memorizing clips anymore "
"Not moving to motion"
"Not now "
"Not one camera is showing up on the open Yi app"
"Not pairing"
"Not picking up all motion"
"Not receiving alerts"
"Not receiving notifications "
"Not receiving phone notifications"
"Not recording"
"Not recording "
"Not recording and asking me to buy cloud"
"Not recording and asking to buy subscription of cloud"
"Not recording movement"
"Not recording movement "
"Not thanks"
"Not the email address the physical address "
"not using"
"Nothing"
"Nothing "
"Nothing at this time"
"Nothing at this time.  "
"Nothing else, thank you"
"Nothing ever shows in alerts although i have set it up"
"Nothing is recorded on SD card."
"Nothing just testing"
"Nothing now, all is doing well"
"nothing of above"
"Nothing of those"
"Nothing rhank you"
"Nothing right now"
"Nothing T this time"
"Nothing..thanku for ur cameras..keep doing better"
"notice today that I have a red disarm shield appeared on screen when watching video... What is this pls?"
"Notification "
"Notification alerts are not being sent to my iPhone "
"Notification Issues"
"Notifications"
"Notifications "
"Notifications are not popping up on my phone"
"Notifications are not working"
"Notifications dont work after update to iOS 14.3"
"Notifications issue on iPhone 12 pro"
"Notifications not working "
"Notifications on shared camera "
"Notion  detection not working"
"Now just using ipad"
"number costomer service"
"Off line"
"Oh my gosh "
"Oin"
"Ok"
"Ok "
"Ok foeget it"
"Ok i will wait ur reply"
"Ok thank you kit 7 7 no I don't think so"
"Ok.i will check it thank you for your response."
"Omg"
"Omg. Never buying from yi again."
"On my sd card isa video. How can i write"
"On thé iPhone app, i used to be able to view back camera footage but that has disappeared and I don’t know where to find it"
"On the app there is a graph to out all 4 cameras on screen at one time. I go to add a camera andi tap on the graph and 3 of 4 boxes have a plus sign but a lock on them. How can I add cameras to the ones with the lock? "
"On the view of 4 cameras how do I add one more on it?"
"On the Yi camera system Apple iPhone I'm doing something that wants me to enter my password to the app I imagine I don't know what my password is"
"Once I unlock pin , it stays unlocked unless I keep resetting a new pin over and over "
"One cam has red tint during the day,and the other has no image during the night when lights are off"
"One camera has red tint  during the day but ok at night,the other is pitch black when the lights are out with a msg that something is blocking the lens but it is clear no lights or blockage."
"One camera is not recording"
"One camera is off line and won’t t connect"
"One of my 3 Wireless Yi Kami will not stop motion activating every other monite or 2 minutes on the dark at night"
"One of my cameras  keeps flashing loading and the date is a day  behind  and  I can not  change it my other camera is ok  and the battery’s are not  low "
"One of my cameras is asking for a code to access video. We only have live viewing we did not set up videoing. "
"One of my cameras is not setting up"
"One of my cameras keeps flashing loading  and showing  yesterday’s date my other camera is ok and battery’s ok can you help "
"One of my cameras keeps on clicking by its self"
"One of my cameras stopped having night vision. "
"One of my security cameras showing a day behind  and  it’s frozen on  loading "
"One of our cameras is working we can see backyard live but it’s not sending any alerts and hasn’t for a few days why?"
"onejzylady4christ@yahoo.com"
"online chat"
"Only one camera showing alerts "
"Only one of five cameras showed thumbnails"
"Only see one camera on??"
"Only the 2 problems i mentioned"
"Operator"
"Option handa free doesnt work"
"Orange light yi camera 1080"
"Order"
"Order "
"Order camera"
"order issue"
"Order lost in transit "
"order missing"
"order not deliverted"
"Order of cameras"
"order status"
"Orientation for iPad not good"
"other"
"Other "
"other issues"
"Other issues."
"Other question"
"Others Question"
"Otra pregunta "
"Otros"
"our company,  INNPRO,   www.innpro.pl,  want to be your distributor in Poland.   Someone can contact me ? "
"Outdoor camera still has noises "
"Outdoor cameras "
"outdoor security camera is stuck in black & white"
"Overcharged for outdoor camera "
"Paid cloud subscription not showing in YI Home app"
"Paid for 2 different cloud services.  Want to keep $149.99 plan and cancel the $199.99 plan"
"Pair camera Google home"
"Paired with another user"
"pairig"
"Pairing base station issue"
"Pairing base station with iPhone "
"Pairing devives"
"Pairing not working"
"Panel said communication failure "
"part missing in recent ordeer"
"Pass code for alerts"
"Password"
"Password "
"Password change"
"password change "
"password reset"
"pause subscription"
"Paying for cloud service that does not work!"
"Payment"
"Payment confusion"
"Payment issues"
"Payments. "
"Pc app not working "
"pc download"
"Perché non sempre la telecamera rileva il mio movimento? Le impostazioni di sensibilità sono al massimo. Grazie"
"Perez973@msn.com"
"person"
"person for fraud"
"Personal help"
"Phone number"
"Phone number "
"Phone number for help"
"Phone number for tech support "
"Phone number to call"
"Photos upside dowm"
"Picture is very blurred.  It was working well for over 2 months now blurred. Rotation of camera still works"
"pieszakdawn91@gmail.com"
"Pin"
"Pin code"
"Pin protection malfunction "
"Pin reset"
"Pincode"
"Piss on this I will call your phone number in a few hours "
"Pitch black visual at night "
"play back"
"playback"
"Playback cloud"
"Playback not smooth"
"Playing sd card"
"Please answer only of german"
"Please call "
"Please can I cancel my subscription please"
"Please cancel my subscription and not charge me $126.99"
"PLEASE cancel the subscription"
"please contact me 516-313-3551"
"Please contact my husband @ kjmac1357@icloud.com"
"Please email me the answer by a person"
"Please help with the video popup. Video gets stuck when we click on popup"
"Please just give me an easy way to turn all cameras off and on"
"Please let me know if you are available"
"Please pass request for Doorbell support "
"Please provide a way to turn all cameras off and on in the Iphone App]"
"Please refund my subscription fee"
"Please remove Cove"
"Please send me to a real human "
"Please take me to live rep"
"Please talk to someone"
"Poor connection "
"Poor image "
"Port"
"Port forwarding "
"Posso collegare 5 camera su 2 router diversi?"
"Posso scrivere in italiano?"
"power"
"Pp"
"Pricing for cloud service. Assuming I require cloud service to receive notifications of cameras sending motion. "
"Problem amazon alexa"
"Problem wirh alexa"
"Problem witch free alerts"
"Problem with app"
"Problem with base station pairing"
"Problem with night mide"
"Problem with recording "
"Problem with video of camera. Half screen is appear red colour and rest black "
"Problems"
"Problems with base station setup"
"problems with camera purchased on Amazon.ca"
"Pubblicità app"
"Puede ayudarme?"
"Purchase"
"Purchase issue "
"purchased 1 year cloud service but not working with cameras, recording id =s still just recording for 6seconds"
"Push notifications"
"Push notifications on phone for sound detection"
"qr code"
"Qr code not working"
"Question "
"question about cloud service"
"Question about only 1 camera"
"question about products "
"Question about service"
"question about sharing camera"
"Question is listed above"
"Questions about CVR cloud plan"
"quiero saber vuestros datos (nif, nombre) para entrar una factura"
"Raise a ticket "
"Random "
"Random clicking noise from camera "
"Read the sd card on wifi. On One of my two camera "
"Real person"
"Real person "
"Really automated bullshit, no real help. You guys are a joke."
"Receiving alerts without movement "
"Receiving too many alerts"
"Recent deleted video still showing in cloud"
"Rechargeable batteries"
"Reconnecting to wifi"
"Record "
"Record consistently "
"Record do not work"
"Record longer than 6 second"
"Record longer videos"
"Record time"
"Record video to phone"
"record with pc app has no audio recorded"
"Recorded video have no audio"
"Recording"
"Recording "
"Recording a clip"
"Recording to sd card"
"Recordings"
"Recover passwords "
"Red disarm message"
"red warning disarm"
"Redeem cloud amazon"
"Redeem cloud plan from Amazon "
"refound"
"refund"
"Refund "
"Refund and cancel cloud"
"Refund for free trial of cloud service "
"Refund my money"
"Refund needed. "
"Refund request for subscription "
"Refund, only wanted to try the trial"
"Register device"
"Reirder cameras in the App"
"Remove a non-existing plan from my account"
"remove account"
"Remove ad for the 24/7 pro"
"remove bookmarks"
"Remove Cove advertisement on screen"
"Remove kami pop up assistant"
"Remove Kamil from screen"
"Remove pin"
"Remove pin code"
"Remove security pin from acrwen"
"Remove someone’s access to my account "
"Remove you epp from my screen "
"Remove your presents off myscreen"
"Removing recorded clips"
"Rename camera"
"renew"
"Reorder cameras on my account"
"Rep"
"Repair camera"
"Rephrase your query"
"Replace "
"Replace camera? "
"Replace cord"
"Replace item "
"Replaced dashcam mount"
"Replacement"
"Replacement batteries for Kami Home outdoor wireless."
"Replacement battery"
"Replacement battery kami wire-free outdoor camera "
"replacement ceiling mounts for dome camera"
"Replacement part"
"Replacement parts"
"Replacement parts "
"Replay is NOT working"
"Replay records from last night"
"representative"
"Representative "
"Representatives "
"Request to cancel subscription "
"Reset"
"Reset button broken "
"Reset button is stuck"
"Reset button not working "
"Reset password"
"Reset password "
"reset password and add to alexa "
"reset pin"
"Reset pin on camera "
"Resetting password"
"Rest password"
"Rest password "
"results were NOT helpful"
"return"
"Return "
"return cameras"
"Return fir refund"
"Return instructions"
"return item"
"Return order"
"Review video"
"Rotate image on phone"
"Rotation doesn't work"
"Router settings "
"Rprestonus@yahoo.com"
"sales service"
"saloggachris@gmail.com"
"Salve non riesco ad ricevere le notifiche di entrambi le telecamere"
"Same question"
"Save a clip from the cloud"
"Saved videos do not play"
"Saving video to the album"
"Saving Videos "
"saying"
"Says subscription is expired "
"Says there are no cameras "
"Says video failed to download switched to camera"
"Schrocksky742@gmail.com"
"Sd  card"
"Sd  carf"
"sd card"
"SD card capacity limits"
"SD card issues"
"Sd card not being recognised "
"sd card not working"
"SD card recording"
"SD card recording "
"SD card recording time"
"Sd cards not working"
"Sd memory play back"
"SD Recording not available"
"SD storage doesn’t appear in settings for one camera "
"SDcard disappeared "
"security"
"security base station cant connect"
"Security issue"
"See above"
"See above message "
"See all cameras same time"
"See cameras on my laptop "
"See longer clioa"
"See message above "
"see my camera on additional account"
"See my question above"
"Selecting cameras for multi-camera viewing"
"Send cops i see some om walkn in my yard "
"send me pls firmware for YI Smart Dash Camera"
"Send notifications of nothing but doesn't send when there's people"
"Server Issue"
"Service "
"Service cost. Is in a money I dont recognize. Can you tell me what coin is it or the equivalence in dollars or euros."
"Service not working "
"Set time"
"Set timer for camera"
"Set up 4 cameras"
"Set up lights with Amazon echo"
"Set up new device"
"Setting my away options "
"Setting up alerts on a shared camera"
"setting up camera"
"Setting up first camera "
"Settings issues "
"Setup my account. Change password"
"Setup seconda yi  camera"
"Setup with google home"
"Share"
"share app"
"Share camera"
"Share camera "
"Share camera access with another phone"
"Share camera access with other people"
"share cameras"
"share cameras "
"Share cloud"
"Share my camera"
"Share video clip"
"Share with family"
"Sharing camer"
"Sharing camera  "
"Sharing camera how many people"
"sharing camera to another account"
"Sharing camera with family members"
"Sharing my account"
"Sharing my camera with another member"
"sharing the camera"
"ship my product"
"Shutter sound coming from my cameras "
"Sign in with apple id"
"sim card input"
"Sim cards*"
"Singing else"
"Sinking video to cloud"
"Smart retail"
"Smart retail info"
"So I have a lovely secure system using Yi Technology and a total of 8 Cameras.  3 exterior wireless and 5 interior wired cameras.  None of them give me problems except for this one exterior wireless camera "
"So I just purchased a year plan for 134 and it says it expires on feb3 and the next payment will be on 134 .. I thought I paid for the year already ???"
"so i still have to have cloud service to can you please call me so i know what to do i dont spell to good"
"So is Anything saved to the micro sd chips I have in my cameras "
"So when I try to add the camera in Google Home, I’m redirected to your website and I can’t login"
"Some just stole something off my porch but camera didn’t trigger alert"
"Some other issues"
"Some people it picks up while others it won't "
"Some videos have no audio"
"Someone accessed my camera"
"Someone is removing the videos from the cloud playback"
"Someone is trying to hack my camera"
"Something ele"
"something else"
"Something else "
"something else."
"Something is wrong with the camera"
"Sometime cams go offline whit no reason; I still can see the IP Assigned them By the router, the IP is ping able but the there is no other way to reconnect them to the app. I can only switch them off and on to solve the issue.. Quite annoying r "
"Sorry I don't think you can help me"
"Sorry il i don’t speak in english "
"Sorry to say but hope you know the problem. Camera doesn’t give notifications when somebody walks up and it’s in the orange box. I get zero notifications and notifications are on in settings and an app it must be broken very disappointed"
"sorry...karencomstock1@gmail.com lol"
"Sound"
"Sound alert"
"Sound alerts confused with other multimedia messages. How can I change to choose a different alert sound for my YI camera?"
"Sound from camera has interference "
"Sound from outdoor camera is too loud"
"Sound is bad"
"Sound is crappie "
"Sound issues"
"Sound not working"
"Sound not working "
"Sounds "
"Spanish?nish?"
"spare parts"
"Speak live"
"speak to a person"
"Speak to a representative "
"Speak to advisor"
"Speak to an advisor"
"Speak to an agent"
"Speak to an agent "
"Speak to rep"
"Speak to someone "
"Speak with customer service "
"Speaker and mic don’t work "
"Speaker and mic not working "
"speek french"
"Sry nothing"
"Startup page keeps appearing upon powerup"
"Static "
"static noise"
"Static noise "
"Static noise through camera"
"Static sound"
"Static sound "
"Static sound cameras"
"Static sounds in recordings"
"Staticky"
"Staticky sound from camera I just installed"
"Status light"
"Status light "
"Steeprockchassity@yahoo.com"
"steven pillows"
"Still can not share with family "
"Still having trouble with my camera a noise keep coming in the camera,& there is no noise other than the noise coming from tthe camera "
"Still not receiving alerts"
"Still not working "
"Still only recording 6 sec"
"Stolen camera"
"Stolen device"
"stop cloud service"
"Stop getting notifications on my phone"
"Stop sending me the same loop information "
"Stop text / notifications.  Only want to hear if baby is crying"
"Stopped getting clips of detected motions 645 am this mornjng."
"Storage on microsd"
"Stupid ppl"
"Subscription cancellation"
"Subscription for camera "
"Subscription is wrong"
"subscription missing since switching phones"
"Subscription payment issue."
"Subscription plan "
"suddenly the camera becomes offline and after i try to reset the camera start always to shut down after each pairing"
"support  "
"support with base "
"Sure"
"Switch off the camera"
"Switch plan"
"Switch to color mode"
"Switching from tenporsry account"
"Switching wifi"
"System keeps pausing live stream where it didn't used to do it "
"system keeps saying paring has timed out"
"Systems compatible with google Assistant"
"T"
"Take alarm off camera"
"Talk option"
"Talk thru camera"
"Talk to a customer service "
"Talk to a person"
"Talk to agent"
"Talk to an agent"
"Talk to human"
"Talk to representative"
"Talk to someone"
"tammitrail7@gmail.com"
"tanks"
"tax_siheung@naver.com"
"Tech problem"
"Tech support"
"Tech supports "
"Technical issue"
"Technical support"
"Teddyrigsby@gmail.com"
"Tengo una captura de pantalla para que lo veas "
"Ternyata robot ya ☹️"
"Terrible assistance!!!!!"
"Terrible service"
"test"
"Th"
"thank you"
"Thank you "
"Thank you!"
"Thank you, I will wait for email."
"Thank you."
"thanks"
"Thank's"
"Thanks "
"Thanks again I'll work on it goodbye"
"Thanks for NOTHING "
"thanks I ll wait for the email."
"That message has nothing to do with my security camera if that’s the help  you provide  I’ve got no chance of sorting my cameras out "
"That was not helpful "
"That’s all thank you "
"That's all"
"That's all the possible email choices. "
"The 24/7pro ad is blocking my view on alerts!!!"
"The amera I have seems to have a problem. In the past , about more than a year ago when the camera had motion detected I was able to see the video which was more than 6 sec thru my SD card now it is not possible. What is the problem?"
"the auto cruise feature doesn't work properly. yi dome camera often leads to the wrong position not according to the bookmark. please fix it soon"
"The away mode is not working not getting any alarm"
"The ball joint broke while trying to adjust camera . Is there a replacement part I can get ?"
"The battery doesn’t work. Won’t charge. I clicked on no-did not help"
"The battery won’t charge. Doesn’t flash. No green light. Nothing. Red and then nothing. "
"The calendar is the year 2565 but it should be 2021"
"The camera couldn’t display properly that shows grey and blurry image."
"The camera does not send notifications nor recognize movement/humans"
"The camera has to go back. How do incamcel service"
"The camera is beeping. I amConnected to wifi and have tried restarting with no success "
"The camera is broken "
"The camera is not catching all the events "
"The camera is on"
"The camera is showing the picture upside-down "
"The camera is stuck at 25% loading up.  It never completely loads so I can see it."
"The camera still won’t connect "
"the camera stop working over the weekend"
"The cameras runs out of batteries every other week and it’s annoying "
"The DASHCAM dont work, because burns the microSd inside. I try to change the microSD , but there is the same problem"
"The icons have changed on my iPad home page to black. They were coloured like Christmas Why?"
"The indoor camera that I have will not alert the phone when it sees human movement.  The red light on the housing turns on, but no alert.  The alert has been turned on in settings"""
"The info is NOT helpful!"
"The Kami Door Camera: does it have an gle wedge mount to turn the camera slightly?"
"The multiple camera option states that I need to have cloud service to run it. It was initially working and now it does not.  If this is not corrected. Immediately I will request a full refund"
"The option to switch between camera is locked so l can't see my second camera in full screen - how do l unlock this option?"
"The person im sharing the camera with isnt able to record or anything anymore"
"The power went out nut has been restored. I’m 100 miles away. Is there a way to refresh the cameras and get them back online?"
"The problem is already solved thank you "
"The QR code never scans during setup. I have tried 2 different cameras. I already have 6 Yi/Kami cameras so I am familiar with the process"
"The reset button is missing "
"The results were not helpful."
"The results where NOT helpful"
"the site that the ap says to go to for help does not exist:  error 404"
"The sound is crackling it's so noisy on my outdoor camera"
"The sound when on is crackling...is this electrical interference?"
"the video is blourry and low definition, the dashcam sometimes don't start to record"
"The video our camera looks green and pink background "
"The volume on my camera motion detector"
"The yi home skill does not show my yi home camera on echo show 5"
"There a blue light staying on the camera "
"There are gaps in my cloud service"
"There is a charge to my credit card in the am ount of $84.79 dated 1/21/2021 and the description is applecom. might that be the charge from Yi Technologies? My account# is YI_351503"
"There is a lot of static in one of my cameras "
"There is a problem with night vision"
"There is a static noise with my camera"
"There is a Yi Cloud package, 5 cameras and a year of cloud service for $ 99.00 what cameras come with the package?"
"There is an option where you can see all your camera at once but whenever i tap on it it's ot doing anything"
"There’s not an option for my issue "
"There's no problem  thank you "
"They were not helpful "
"they will not send my order"
"Thieves came in"
"Things are not responding. There’s missing time on the cloud even though it is plugged in and just left to run. And it seems every time I leave my home the cloud service seems to stop at only start when I get within proximity of my home again"
"this"
"This camera is the NEW. Doorbell camera let’s chat with a person"
"This camera is useless and so is this chat"
"This chat is as useless as your cameras. I will be replacing these with Ring brand cameras. At least I know they work when I need them. I’ve had security issues and thats why I bought them to begin with"
"This customer service is bullshit "
"This did not address my question "
"This has happened many of time when it doesn’t pick something up"
"This hasn’t been helpful  at all. The programming and UI for the camera I have show as much skill and thought put into it as this technical assistance bot. I am not impressed with your products and won’t get any others or recommend them. "
"This is absolutely useless "
"This is horrible "
"This is not helpful"
"This is not helpful at all"
"This is shit"
"This is the same answer I was getting yesterday with no satisfaction"
"This is useless"
"This is what I’m talking about. Even when I click no this was unhelpful, your system registers the wrong answer. Yi is a joke!"
"This isn’t working "
"This isnt a chat"
"This service is horrible"
"This sucks"
"Thumbnails not loading"
"Thx"
"Thx I’m good "
"Ticket"
"Time stamp"
"timeline"
"Timestamp missing"
"To add cameras to google assistant"
"To explain, I have a yi home camera. It always says there is a sowftware update and it's not downloading it when I click update. And that camera works on some android devices and not others"
"To many notifications "
"To view images stored on an Sd card"
"Tony_termite@yahoo.co.uk"
"Too long to connect camera"
"Touch pad for rotate the camera is not showing"
"Touchscreen panel will not light up"
"Tracking order"
"trailtammi@gmail.com"
"Trbloodworrh@sbcglobal.net "
"tree"
"tree 2"
"Trial plan"
"Trouble connecting outdoor camera to Echo Show"
"Trouble Connecting to a different wireless server"
"Trouble getting connected"
"trouble resetting camera"
"Trouble viewing cloud video"
"troubleshooting ro audio "
"Try found this morning video camera "
"Try ing to add a Cove camera but haven5ghz.How do I find the 2.4 cuz on my router?"
"Trying to add another camera"
"Trying to change my location to USA "
"Trying to change password since Kami suddenly doesn’t like mine but when I receive code and try to use it, I get a message that says Code not good so won’t accept code sent to my email???"
"Trying to conect my YI camera . . Iv been trying a long time. Please help me."
"Trying to connect camera "
"Trying to connect camera to alexa"
"Trying to connect to Amazon Alexa"
"Trying to connect to the internet "
"Trying to connect Yi1080p and as soon as it tries to connect to WiFi it kicks itself back out and says welcome again? It scans the QR code successfully but won't go any further."
"Trying to delete alerts and videos. It says I only have 1.4 GB left."
"Trying to find my internet connection"
"Trying to only have my camera is recording when I set to away"
"Trying to reset my camera to new WiFi address "
"Trying to save a video"
"Trying to set up my indoor camera "
"Trying to stop notifications on my cameras but want them still on "
"Tume lapse video"
"Turn alerts off"
"Turn camera off while home and on if needed"
"Turn off alert notifications "
"Turn off All Kami messages"
"Turn off Auto night mode"
"Turn off home away mode"
"Turn off kami"
"Turn off night vision"
"Turn off notifications"
"Turn on alerts on shared camera"
"turning sound off alerts"
"Two accounts "
"Two camera "
"Two cameras are not alerting me"
"Two cameras no longer record or show the SDcard"
"Two of the 6 1080. P cams I purchased in the last year stopped working and can not be connected"
"Two talk is almost impossible due to lag aiqu"
"Two way talk"
"Type of batteries for Kami outdoor security camera?"
"Type of micro sd"
"U said on your last session that u didn't see where I had no power I use batteries  in my camera. "
"Ummmmm ok thanks "
"Un'abile ti get push notifications"
"unable to add all cameras to cloud service. only allows me to select one camera to add "
"Unable to call"
"Unable to connect base stations"
"unable to connect to network"
"Unable to connect unable to connect"
"Unable to hear noise or communication from the camera on live feed or alerts"
"Unable to login with QR code "
"Unable to play video "
"Unable to review the history on the cameras disk"
"Unable to see more than one camera on my screen "
"unable to select cameras in cloud service "
"Unable to switch from home to away from home"
"Unable to turn camera inside on "
"Unable to view the whole answer"
"Unauthorized access to my camera"
"Unauthorized charge"
"unauthorized login"
"Unbelievable "
"Unblock"
"Unknown icon on application"
"Unlock my cameras please!!!!!"
"Unplugged router, still offline"
"Unsubscribe "
"Unsubscribe me"
"Unsubscribe now and stop trying to charge my card"
"Up and down Motion is not working"
"update"
"Update "
"Update email"
"update email address"
"update firmware"
"Update my internet connection "
"Update not working"
"Update not working "
"Update password"
"Update payment method"
"Update wifi"
"Update wifi information"
"updated firmware"
"Updating firmware software"
"updating my camera"
"Upgrade plan"
"Upgrading current service "
"Upside down picture "
"Ur r not from mi"
"Url"
"Use memory card"
"Use microphone"
"Useless"
"Useless no help at all"
"User,  3:50 PM  Hello I am really needing some video content that just expired off of my cloud last week. I’ll be willing to pay extra to make my subscription longer is there anyway to get that video back?"
"Using Alexa"
"using sd card without cloud service"
"Using Yi iot w/ doorbell camera"
"Validation code never works"
"Verify PIN reset "
"version info"
"very shitty company"
"Very useful service!!!"
"Video"
"Video browsing"
"Video clip says failed to load."
"Video download fail"
"Video download failing.when I try to look at my alerts."
"Video failed to load "
"Video not in color "
"Video playback error"
"Video playback issue"
"video quality"
"Video records clip but doesn’t playback video."
"Video recovry"
"Video sound off "
"video storage"
"Video upload service won’t enable"
"VideoPlayback "
"Videos are not uploaded to the cloud"
"Videos doesn't have timestamp"
"Videos not downloading"
"Videos not downloading or uploading to cloud"
"Videos not downloading or uploading to coud"
"Vieo playback failing to download"
"View cloud video after camera deleted"
"View footage on memory card"
"View in live feed of my 1080 Dome camera show purple color in many background areas"
"View multiple camera at same time"
"View multiple cameras"
"View old footage"
"View old videos"
"View on Alexa device"
"View past activity"
"View sd card"
"Viewing sd card video on specific date"
"Voice interaction is not working"
"volevo sapere come poter rendere una persona ospite sul mio account?"
"Volume not working "
"Waiting for firmware update - doorbell show x in battery but is connected to existing doorbell power"
"Waiting in refuns"
"Waiting to connect? What is next "
"Waiting to receive invitation from bocauhl@verizon.net"
"Want access my account"
"Want others to not be able to sign in to my account "
"Want to accept to my husbands account to view our Kami at our home"
"Want to be refunded on subscription "
"Want to cancel my"
"Want to change my password "
"Want to ensure all activity is captured"
"Want to know how to talk to baby over monitor "
"Want to remove alwrts but still have motion detected so that i can go back and check it"
"Want to return order"
"Want to see recorded on SD card"
"Want to watch all cameras at one time"
"Want to watch both cams"
"Want to watch what the camera recorded but don’t know where to go "
"Wanting to buy another camera "
"Warrantee"
"Warranty"
"Warranty claim"
"Warrany replacement"
"warrenty"
"Was not helpful "
"Was not helpful. Need to add a 6th camera to the cloud"
"Was there any footage erased from my cloud ?"
"Was wondering why u pop up on my screen"
"Wat is the email address I used ? "
"Watch multiple cameras at once"
"Watching in fast forward"
"Water behind lens"
"We are having difficulty reaching the server. App experience may be limited. Please try again later. (-3003)"
"We changed our internet login info at home and had to go through process to connect to new internet. Its all set up but I'm not receiving notifications or alerts on my phonne"
"We changed wifi and updated outdoor wireless Kami. Now the alerts do bot show on phone. It requests SD card?. Not sure what to do to get back to alerts on phone"
"We changed WiFi how do I set up new WiFi with camera"
"We have a Kami security cameras.  The access was set up using an email address for an individual, and we need to change it to another person.  We cannot find a way to change it.   How can this be changed?"
"we have not received our cameras"
"We have set up our doorbell and linked it to Alexa but when doorbell is rang it does not make any announcements on our devices"
"We need a compatible indoor door bell"
"We ordered on wednesday 1-6-2021"
"We received email with new password ok but when we ask for new password we receive a scrambled code which doesn’t work therefore password does not work???"
"We switched internet providers and now I can't switch the cameras to it"
"We updated or WiFi "
"We’re above"
"Web site issues"
"Well it's saying it's connected to the internet but it is not letting anything come"
"Well to get service that we can see entire video "
"Well to make a short story longer I had a roommate who had access to my camera and he just recently had to get kicked out and now I don't know how to reset everything so he doesn't have access to it anymore"
"Went you tought thr little corner  on the top is see all camara how can i unlock the small lock to see all 4 th"
"What a joke. I will be reporting you to the Better Business Bureau"
"What are the steps to watch recording video"
"What are you charging me for?"
"What can a family view "
"What cloud plans do you have?"
"What devices are being used to view my account and when?"
"What does disarm mean"
"What does that disarm" mean?""
"What does that mean?"
"What does the blue square with a smiley face on it at the bottom of the screen"
"What does the different colour lights on the camera mean"
"what does the play back button look like in the live screen?"
"What does the SD card do?"
"What does the send help button do"
"What email did I set this account yo with?"
"What exactly is saving/uploading?"
"What good is the SD card "
"What I must do "
"What is 24/7 emergency service)"
"What is 24/7 pro monitoring?"
"What is 7 day history"
"What is camera stream "
"What is cloud service"
"What is cloud service so expensive"
"What is kami"
"What is kami "
"What is my login information"
"what is my login name "
"What is my password on my account"
"What is my SD card used for"
"what is noonlight"
"What is the answer?"
"What is the difference between 24/7 monitoring and entire motion"
"What is the difference between the two dome cameras you sell"
"What is the difference in the motion recording plan and the alert plan "
"What is the largest micro SD card I can use?"
"What is the maximum distance for connection with the new doorbell?"
"What is the maximum size of memory card i can use"
"What is the new Disarm button for?"
"what is the operationg voltage of the power supply?"
"What is the recommended sd card for Kami Outdoor Security?"
"What is the type and size of the micro sd for Kami outdoor camera"
"What is the url to download "
"What is with the disarm button on alerts now?"
"What is your customer service number I need to know it so I can call it immediately"
"what kind of rechargeable batteries "
"What kind of SD card is needed for Nightscape dash cam?"
"What plan records all the time ? "
"What security do you use"
"What setting is best?"
"what size micro sd card should i buy"
"What the fuck "
"What to do?"
"What triggers the alarm"
"what type of sd card I should use for outdoor camera"
"What version last update firmware for yi home camera 3"
"What version last update firmware for yi home camera 3?"
"what?"
"What’s home and what’s away"
"What’s sd card for Kami Outdoor Security "
"What's Kami?"
"Whats my username "
"What's the best sd card to use"
"what's the disarm button"
"What's the disarm message that keeps coming up when I veiw a recording?"
"whats your email"
"When camera moves it makes lot noise"
"When I am watching my kid on the phone I hear static noise and I can’t hear him when he moves in his crib "
"When I attempt to look at previous video from the cloud it says no further video and won’t load "
"When I click on my camera to try to look at what was recorded is in orange I scroll back to the time to 9:02 AM this morning and it won’t play it keeps skipping forward to the present time"
"When I delete videos, they often come back to the list of video alerts. "
"when I linked my cameras, each one said I was going to get a free month of service of cloud"
"When I purchased my cloud services I had it on my phone but logged of and when I logged in with my email it set the account as new"
"When I record part of the video it doesn’t record with sound. In the past it worked but now it doesn’t "
"When I screen mirror to tv the image appears vertical this did not happen before but does occur know "
"When I'm in the away mode on one of my cameras I'm not getting alarm triggered I did go to discover and selected the camera I want on the away mode"
"When logging in it says my account does not exsist"
"When paying for the cloud, does the recording show the video for the moment it was triggered? "
"When playing videos back it shows a red symbol saying Disarm what is that"
"When signing in it says my account does not exist"
"When the internet or power disconnects in your camera does it loose the ability to be viewed via app and must be programmed again?"
"When using with echo show can I also hear the audio? "
"When will deleted video clip stop showing up in cloud"
"When will I get my money back I have canceled plan"
"When will my order get her?"
"When will the kami doorbell be released in uk?"
"When will you put an option to cast the screen"
"Where are my 6 sec videos found "
"Where are my decuves? "
"Where can I change WiFi info"
"where can I download windows app"
"Where can I find album button "
"where can i get an extra mount"
"Where can I purchase batteries for my kami security cameras?"
"Where can I purchase more equipment?"
"Where can i see the recorded videos"
"where is my order status"
"where is my order status?"
"Where is the 6 sec motion videos stored"
"Where is the network button to change the wifi"
"Where is the recording?"
"Where is video from November and DEC I need them "
"Where my shipment "
"Where to buy new ones"
"Where's the Mac address"
"which camera supports live streaming"
"which of the Yi cameras have the ability to set motion detection zones?"
"Which port you using for internet connection? "
"Who can see camera footage "
"Who is Kami"
"who turns off my settings"
"Whose logged into my account"
"Wht happens if the kami doorbell gets below 14F?"
"WhT is kami"
"Why am I notified every 11 minutes there is motion detected"
"Why am I still seeing a video that I have deleted and can no longer watch in my cloud?"
"Why are all my alerts showing up and not read again"
"Why are my cameras displaying black screens?"
"Why are my recorded Clips duplicating themselves sometimes three and four times"
"Why are the replays of the alerts intermittent and jumpy and skipping ?"
"why are they trying to charge my card 79 dollars i was just on here the other day updating my info"
"Why are why are some of your messages named kami and some aren't"
"Why bother with this half assed help bot? "
"Why camera does record anything else different with SD card inserted...what benefit is it to have it in"
"Why can I not view my camera Why do you keep trying to make me pay for a service I don’t want"
"Why can't another phone have the alerts recorded on their phone?"
"Why can't I record on SD card anymore?"
"Why can't I see my camera?"
"Why did my alert not save"
"Why dis another payment come out"
"Why do I have disarm in the middle of the screen"
"Why do I need cloud if I have sd card"
"Why do I sometimes hear a static sound in my recordings"
"Why do my cameras only work part time?"
"Why do my entry sensors keep saying unusual movement"
"Why do my two cameras keep missing cars and people in front of my house"
"Why does audio not work "
"Why does blue light blink"
"Why does it keep asking to set up plan when I already have a plan"
"Why does it keep detecting motion when there is none?"
"Why does my camera like go from blue to yellow"
"Why does my camera make a shutter sound?"
"Why does my camera only record movement for an hour?"
"Why does my cloud only go 14 days I need one from before"
"Why does the camera keep clicking?"
"Why doesn’t camera record to micro sd card"
"Why doesn’t my micro phone work on my camera"
"Why don’t all cameras show up Ingrid to view all cameras at once?"
"Why dont work the notification push on my mobile?"
"why dont,t work the notification posh on my mobile?"
"Why I can't view the carmera"
"Why is it not working "
"Why is my alarm always alarming "
"Why is my camera saying disarm"
"Why is my color gray"
"Why is service so horrible ?"
"Why is the status light blinking blue. And why can’t I turn my camera off"
"Why is the timestamp not right"
"Why is there a blue light on it all the time and can I get it off "
"Why is there a disarm logo on screen"
"Why is there a disarm" written on my recorded alerts?""
"Why is there a red disarm on my alerts"
"Why is there no free cloud anymore?"
"Why is there now a banner ad for cove monitoring covering my playback screen?"
"Why it’s only black-and-white video"
"Why may this call itself customer service,... nothing personal, I have to tell you name & email for nothing? "
"Why not just call me"
"Why playback doesn’t work anymore "
"Why playback doesn’t work anymore on  5 camera’s I have "
"Why the camera image appear pink and green color "
"Why will micro SD card not format "
"Why won’t my camera record "
"Why won’t my camera record to the sd card"
"Why won’t my camera record videos"
"Why would the lights go from blue to yellow"
"Why?"
"Wifi"
"Wi-Fi "
"wifi change"
"Wi-fi connection"
"Wifi extender "
"WiFi for Kami indoor"
"WiFi Kami indoor home "
"Wifi name and password change"
"WiFi name change"
"WiFi password "
"Will doorbell work in very cold weather?"
"Will kami camera work on yi home app"
"Will kami door can work with my current yi cloud subscription"
"Will not connect "
"Will pointing my camera at a busy street reduce its life? "
"Will the Kami Doorbell Camera work with the YI camera's and phone app?"
"Will this camera work and record if it is not plugged in? "
"will this work with Yi cameras?"
"Wireless bell for doorbell camera "
"Without cloud services,"
"Won’t pair up"
"Wont detect motion"
"Worsts camera ever"
"Would like cameras to record video whenever movement is detected and my devices are making horrible sounds when I turn on the camera "
"Would like to cancel service and receive a refund for the monthly amount charged"
"Wrong password "
"Wtahis the new Turton disarm"
"Y'all are no help I don't even know why I even have this if y'all can't help me"
"Yazılım güncelleme"
"Yes"
"Yes I have other concern. This is a question"
"Yes I need to know if I have a kami cam on my account  because of I do I'm not aware of it"
"Yes I was charged for a subscription that was already canceled "
"yes please help me to share the connection with my wife's phone"
"Yes, thanks"
"Yes, that's correct"
"Yes, the results were helpful"
"yi 4k plus firmware update"
"Yi cameras not connecting to alexia show"
"yi dashcam firmware update"
"Yi Dashcam NightScape mount replacement"
"Yi dome camera auto cruise error point nowhere not macth with bookmark fucking anoying please fix!!!"
"yi dome camera often leads to the wrong position not according to the bookmarks. please fix it soon"
"Yi home app for pc"
"YI home app works on phone but will not work on wifi"
"yi home camera app download issue"
"Yi home camera settings will not save"
"Yi home indoor camera outside covered and i get alerts when lights shine off car windows why is that?,"
"yi home password"
"Yi home why I can see videos history from iCloud"
"Yi Lot app"
"YI outdoor audio always making clicking sounds"
"Yi smart dash cam"
"Yi Smart Dash Cam Firmware"
"Yi smart dash cam firmware download"
"yi y20ba"
"Yicloud "
"Yi-iot update problem"
"Yo home camera app for pc"
"Yo u did not help "
"You are a fucking joke in your goddamn ass is a piece of shit"
"You are not helpful "
"You are not helping"
"You can’t even pick the answer you want on this app. You have provided zero assistance but a lot of frustration. Can I have a number to call please"
"you charged me twice for the same service "
"You did not give me an answer"
"You did not help me"
"You did not help me "
"You did not help me!!!"
"You did not help me....how do I keep the sound from shutting off?"
"You did not help or answer the question "
"You didn’t help me out. I need a number to contact customer service"
"You didn’t help. I need help"
"You haven't helped with anything so far. "
"You keep saying you helped and you haven’t "
"You suck!!!"
"You were not helpful "
"You’re not helping me at all"
"Your answers assume I have a USB powered camera."
"Your icon doesn't show on my main screen"
"Your no smart "
"Your not answering my questions"
"Youre not helping"
"Zhzb"
"Zlowery25@gmail.com"
